docs/en_us/course_authors/source/releasing_course/staff_debug_info.rst, before:

.. _Staff Debug Info:

############################
Staff Debug Info
############################

The edX system keeps track of students' progress through a course -- recording
when the student watches videos, responds to problems, and so on. If you are
a staff member on a course, some of that data is visible to you for debugging
purposes. Under every problem is a link called "Staff Debug Info": clicking
that link causes a popup to appear that contains various metadata about the
problem.

None of this information should be necessary for day-to-day usage of edX,
but for the sake of clarity, some of these fields are documented here:

``is_released``
  Indicates whether the problem is visible to students.
``location``
  An internal unique identifier that corresponds to this problem. If you
  are having trouble with a problem, and need assistance from the edX support
  team, including this value will make it easier for them to track down the
  issue you're having with the problem.
``markdown``
  The text of the problem, in Markdown format. This is often written using
  Studio.
``display_name``
  The name of the problem, as shown to the student.
``max_attempts``
  The maximum number of times that a student can attempt to answer the problem
  correctly.
``attempts``
  The number of times that the currently logged in student has attempted to
  answer the problem correctly, so far. Every time this student attempts to answer
  this question, this number will go up, until it reaches ``max_attempts``.

Commit message:

DOC-253, adds View in Studio button to LMS

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/releasing_course/staff_debug_info.rst, after:

.. _Staff Debug Info:

############################
Staff Debug Info
############################

The edX system keeps track of students' progress through a course -- recording
when the student watches videos, responds to problems, and so on. If you are
a staff member on a course, some of that data is visible to you for debugging purposes. Under every problem is a **Staff Debug Info** button: clicking this button opens a popup with metadata about the problem.

None of this information should be necessary for day-to-day usage of edX,
but for the sake of clarity, some of these fields are documented here:

``is_released``
  Indicates whether the problem is visible to students.
``location``
  An internal unique identifier that corresponds to this problem. If you
  are having trouble with a problem, and need assistance from the edX support
  team, including this value will make it easier for them to track down the
  issue you're having with the problem.
``markdown``
  The text of the problem, in Markdown format. This is often written using
  Studio.
``display_name``
  The name of the problem, as shown to the student.
``max_attempts``
  The maximum number of times that a student can attempt to answer the problem
  correctly.
``attempts``
  The number of times that the currently logged in student has attempted to
  answer the problem correctly, so far. Every time this student attempts to answer
  this question, this number will go up, until it reaches ``max_attempts``.
