docs/internal/edx-mobile-api.md, before:

# edx-api

## Overview

**edx-api** is a MVP API contract to support the development
of a MVP Mobile Application. This API will only support the
following use cases

- Signup
- Login
- Enroll/Unenroll in course
- Get list of enrolled courses

The amount of data returned to the client will be restricted
to only contain information for these use cases. For example,
the "get course navigational items" method will not - say - 
return due dates or gradable related information.

This document is a design document and will not delve into the
implementation of this API contract

## HTTP Headers

There are two HTTP headers that are defined in the API contract:

| header | value |
| ------ | ----- |
| **X-edx-api-key** | shared secret between client and server. This identifies the calling software |
| **Authorization** | Bearer <access-token> |

This API will use OAuth2 for authentication. The access token
reflects the OAuth2 token that will be returned when calling
'access_token' method (see below).


## General Notes
Unauthenticated access will return a HTTP 403 status code. All
successful API calls will return HTTP Status code 200. Errors
will return a different status code that will be documented for
each method.

## Functional Endpoints

### Authentication

The following methods are related to user identity and
authentication. These only support authentication against the
Django-based user database.

##### Signup

Signup creates a new Open edX user in the database. Since we are
using OAuth2 as the authentication provider, after the signup
is completed, API clients will have to call into the
login method to get an OAuth2 security token

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/signup/v1/register**


```
application/json
{
	"email": "foo@bar.com",
	"username": "foobar",
	"full_name": "Foo Bar",
	"password": "password"
}
```

**Response: Success**

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: Missing Parameter**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "MissingParameter",
	"err_msg": "Missing required parameters"
}
```

**Response: User Already Exists**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "UserAlreadyExists",
	"err_msg": "User Already Exists"
}
```

**Response: Invalid Email**

This is returned if the email provided does
not appear to be a well formed email address
```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "InvalidEmail",
	"err_msg": "Email provided is invalid"
}
```

**Response: Invalid Password**

This is returned if the password does not meet
password policy requirements
```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "InvalidPassword",
	"err_msg": "Password provided is invalid"
}
```

##### Login

This uses the OAuth2 provider for Django (django-oauth2-provider).
As such it uses a slightly different HTTP POST Body format
(application/x-www-form-urlencoded rather than JSON)

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/auth/v1/oauth2/access_token**

```
application/x-www-form-urlencoded

client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&client_secret=YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET&
grant_type=password&username=YOUR_USERNAME&password=YOUR_PASSWORD
```

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"access_token": "<your-access-token>", 
	"scope": "read", 
	"expires_in": 86399, 
	"refresh_token": "<your-refresh-token>"
}
```

**Response: Invalid email or password**

```
@TODO (need to look at django-oauth2-provider)
```


### Enrollments

The methods below expose functionality regarding enrollment
in courses


##### Enroll in Course

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/enrollments/v1/<course.id>**

Example: /edx-api/enrollment/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above


**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: Course does not exist**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "CourseDoesNotExist"
	"err_msg": "Course does not exist"
}
```

##### Unenroll in Course

**Request: HTTPS DELETE /edx-api/enrollments/v1/<course.id>**

Example: /edx-api/enrollment/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: User not enrolled**

```
StatusCode: 403
application/json
{
	"err_type": "UserNotEnrolled"
	"err_msg": "User is not enrolled in course"
}
```

##### Get list of enrolled courses for user

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/enrollments/v1/**

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"enrollments": [
		{
			"course_id": "foo.bar.2013_Spring",
			"display_name": "Course Name",
			"display_org": "Foo",
			"display_coursenum": "Bar",
			"start": "2013-11-12",
			"course_image_url": "http://..."
		},
		...
	]
}
```

### Courseware

The following methods involve accessing the courseware database
which is stored in MongoDB

##### Get list of courses

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/courseware/v1**

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"courses": [
		{
			"course_id": "foo.bar.2013_Spring",
			"display_name": "Course Name",
			"display_org": "Foo",
			"display_coursenum": "Bar",
			"start": "2013-11-12",
			"advertised_start": "2013-11-12"
			"short_description": "This is the small course description that normally appears in course catalog",
			"course_image_url": "http://...",
			"marketing_video_url": "http://..."
		},
		...
	]
}
```

##### Get course navigational elements

This method will return all non-leaf nodes in a course tree,
e.g. Course, Chapters, Sections, Subsections.

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-pi/courseware/v1/<course.id>**

example: /edx-api/courseware/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"course": {
		"location": "i4x://foo/bar/course/2013_Spring"
		"display_name": "Foo Bar Course",
		"start": "2013-11-12",
		"children": [
			{
				"location": "i4x://foo/bar/chapter/chapter1",
				"display_name": "Chapter 1",
				"start": "2013-11-12",
				"children": [
					{
						"location": "i4x://foo/bar/sequential/seq1",
						"display_name": "First Sequence",
						"start": "2013-11-12",
						"children": [...]
					}
					...
				]
			},
			...
		]
	}
}
```

**Response: not enrolled in course**

HTTP Status code 403

##### Get course video elements

This method will return all videos within a course

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/courseware/v1/<course.id>?type=video**

example: example: /edx-api/courseware/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring?type=video

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

Note: For this version of the API, the only type which will be honored
is 'video', all other types will have a StatusCode of 400

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"course_videos": [
		{
			"parent_location": "i4x://foo/bar/vertical/vert1",
			"display_name": "Demo Video",
			"transcript_url": "http://...",
			"sources": {
				"youtube": {
					"1.0": "youtubeid",
					"0.75": "youtubeid",
					"1.25": "youtubeid",
					"2.0": "youtubeid"
				},
				"alt": { [
					"http://...",
					"http://..."
				]}
			}
		},
		...
	]
}
```

**Response: not enrolled in course**

HTTP Status code 403

Commit message:

add notice that this is a short term API with a pointer to the RESTful API in design on apiary.org

docs/internal/edx-mobile-api.md, after:

# edx-api

## Overview

**edx-api** is a MVP API contract to support the development
of a MVP Mobile Application. This API will only support the
following use cases

- Signup
- Login
- Enroll/Unenroll in course
- Get list of enrolled courses

IMPORTANT: This API contract was specifically designed to cover
the short term goals to support a MVP mobile client. This API will
be replaced by more long term API's that are currently in a design
phase (as of 11/26/2014). These API designs are visible for public
review at docs.edxapi.apiary.io.

The amount of data returned to the client will be restricted
to only contain information for these use cases. For example,
the "get course navigational items" method will not - say - 
return due dates or gradable related information.

This document is a design document and will not delve into the
implementation of this API contract

## HTTP Headers

There are two HTTP headers that are defined in the API contract:

| header | value |
| ------ | ----- |
| **X-edx-api-key** | shared secret between client and server. This identifies the calling software |
| **Authorization** | Bearer <access-token> |

This API will use OAuth2 for authentication. The access token
reflects the OAuth2 token that will be returned when calling
'access_token' method (see below).


## General Notes
Unauthenticated access will return a HTTP 403 status code. All
successful API calls will return HTTP Status code 200. Errors
will return a different status code that will be documented for
each method.

## Functional Endpoints

### Authentication

The following methods are related to user identity and
authentication. These only support authentication against the
Django-based user database.

##### Signup

Signup creates a new Open edX user in the database. Since we are
using OAuth2 as the authentication provider, after the signup
is completed, API clients will have to call into the
login method to get an OAuth2 security token

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/signup/v1/register**


```
application/json
{
	"email": "foo@bar.com",
	"username": "foobar",
	"full_name": "Foo Bar",
	"password": "password"
}
```

**Response: Success**

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: Missing Parameter**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "MissingParameter",
	"err_msg": "Missing required parameters"
}
```

**Response: User Already Exists**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "UserAlreadyExists",
	"err_msg": "User Already Exists"
}
```

**Response: Invalid Email**

This is returned if the email provided does
not appear to be a well formed email address
```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "InvalidEmail",
	"err_msg": "Email provided is invalid"
}
```

**Response: Invalid Password**

This is returned if the password does not meet
password policy requirements
```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "InvalidPassword",
	"err_msg": "Password provided is invalid"
}
```

##### Login

This uses the OAuth2 provider for Django (django-oauth2-provider).
As such it uses a slightly different HTTP POST Body format
(application/x-www-form-urlencoded rather than JSON)

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/auth/v1/oauth2/access_token**

```
application/x-www-form-urlencoded

client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&client_secret=YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET&
grant_type=password&username=YOUR_USERNAME&password=YOUR_PASSWORD
```

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"access_token": "<your-access-token>", 
	"scope": "read", 
	"expires_in": 86399, 
	"refresh_token": "<your-refresh-token>"
}
```

**Response: Invalid email or password**

```
@TODO (need to look at django-oauth2-provider)
```


### Enrollments

The methods below expose functionality regarding enrollment
in courses


##### Enroll in Course

**Request: HTTPS POST /edx-api/enrollments/v1/<course.id>**

Example: /edx-api/enrollment/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above


**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: Course does not exist**

```
StatusCode: 400
application/json
{
	"err_type": "CourseDoesNotExist"
	"err_msg": "Course does not exist"
}
```

##### Unenroll in Course

**Request: HTTPS DELETE /edx-api/enrollments/v1/<course.id>**

Example: /edx-api/enrollment/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

```
StatusCode: 200
```

**Response: User not enrolled**

```
StatusCode: 403
application/json
{
	"err_type": "UserNotEnrolled"
	"err_msg": "User is not enrolled in course"
}
```

##### Get list of enrolled courses for user

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/enrollments/v1/**

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"enrollments": [
		{
			"course_id": "foo.bar.2013_Spring",
			"display_name": "Course Name",
			"display_org": "Foo",
			"display_coursenum": "Bar",
			"start": "2013-11-12",
			"course_image_url": "http://..."
		},
		...
	]
}
```

### Courseware

The following methods involve accessing the courseware database
which is stored in MongoDB

##### Get list of courses

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/courseware/v1**

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"courses": [
		{
			"course_id": "foo.bar.2013_Spring",
			"display_name": "Course Name",
			"display_org": "Foo",
			"display_coursenum": "Bar",
			"start": "2013-11-12",
			"advertised_start": "2013-11-12"
			"short_description": "This is the small course description that normally appears in course catalog",
			"course_image_url": "http://...",
			"marketing_video_url": "http://..."
		},
		...
	]
}
```

##### Get course navigational elements

This method will return all non-leaf nodes in a course tree,
e.g. Course, Chapters, Sections, Subsections.

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-pi/courseware/v1/<course.id>**

example: /edx-api/courseware/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers as
indicated above

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"course": {
		"location": "i4x://foo/bar/course/2013_Spring"
		"display_name": "Foo Bar Course",
		"start": "2013-11-12",
		"children": [
			{
				"location": "i4x://foo/bar/chapter/chapter1",
				"display_name": "Chapter 1",
				"start": "2013-11-12",
				"children": [
					{
						"location": "i4x://foo/bar/sequential/seq1",
						"display_name": "First Sequence",
						"start": "2013-11-12",
						"children": [...]
					}
					...
				]
			},
			...
		]
	}
}
```

**Response: not enrolled in course**

HTTP Status code 403

##### Get course video elements

This method will return all videos within a course

**Request: HTTPS GET /edx-api/courseware/v1/<course.id>?type=video**

example: example: /edx-api/courseware/v1/foo.bar.2013_Spring?type=video

Note: Requires authentication token passed in the headers
as indicated above

Note: For this version of the API, the only type which will be honored
is 'video', all other types will have a StatusCode of 400

**Response: success**

```
StatusCode: 200
application/json
{
	"status": "success",
	"course_videos": [
		{
			"parent_location": "i4x://foo/bar/vertical/vert1",
			"display_name": "Demo Video",
			"transcript_url": "http://...",
			"sources": {
				"youtube": {
					"1.0": "youtubeid",
					"0.75": "youtubeid",
					"1.25": "youtubeid",
					"2.0": "youtubeid"
				},
				"alt": { [
					"http://...",
					"http://..."
				]}
			}
		},
		...
	]
}
```

**Response: not enrolled in course**

HTTP Status code 403
