#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/anupdhabarde/edx-proctoring-proctortrack.git@31c6c9923a51c903ae83760ecbbac191363aa2a2#egg=edx_proctoring_proctortrack
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
acid-xblock==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
algoliasearch==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pydantic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==2.13.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   sphinx-autoapi
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   edx-ace
    #   jsonschema
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-learning
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
bcrypt==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pynliner
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   ora2
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
boto==2.49.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
boto3==1.35.76
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-ses
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   ora2
botocore==1.35.76
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
cachecontrol==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-auth
camel-converter[pydantic]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   meilisearch
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-learning
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pysrt
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chem==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   nltk
    #   user-util
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/doc.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
codejail-includes==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
crowdsourcehinter-xblock==0.8
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pgpy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
cssutils==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pynliner
deepmerge==2.0
    # via sphinxcontrib-openapi
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   ora2
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-method-override
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-push-notifications
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-ses
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   done-xblock
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
    #   event-tracking
    #   help-tokens
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   openedx-learning
    #   ora2
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   super-csv
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-cache-memoize==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-sekizai
django-config-models==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   super-csv
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-method-override==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-mysql==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-pipeline==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-push-notifications==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-ses==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   ora2
django-statici18n==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
    #   xblocks-contrib
django-storages==1.14.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
django-user-tasks==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   openedx-learning
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-mdinclude
done-xblock==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-ace==1.11.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-api-doc-tools==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-name-affirmation
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-braze-client==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-bulk-grades==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   staff-graded-xblock
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   super-csv
edx-codejail==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-completion==4.7.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edxval
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   openedx-learning
edx-enterprise==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
    #   xblocks-contrib
edx-milestones==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-name-affirmation==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
edx-organizations==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-proctoring==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring-proctortrack
edx-rbac==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-search==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-sga==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-submissions==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-search
    #   edxval
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
edx-token-utils==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-when==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edxval==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
elasticsearch==7.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-search
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar-underscore
enmerkar-underscore==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
event-tracking==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-search
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
firebase-admin==6.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
geoip2==4.8.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.154.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
help-tokens==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
icalendar==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
interchange==2021.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
jsondiff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   sphinxcontrib-openapi
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   pylti1p3
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
laboratory==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via astroid
libsass==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
lti-consumer-xblock==9.12.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lxml[html-clean]==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edxval
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-calc
    #   ora2
    #   python3-saml
    #   xblock
    #   xmlsec
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lxml
mailsnake==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mako==1.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-poll
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
maxminddb==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
meilisearch==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-search
mistune==3.0.2
    # via sphinx-mdinclude
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mongoengine==0.29.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   py2neo
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cssutils
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cachecontrol
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.2.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
newrelic==10.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.19
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
olxcleaner==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openai==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-calc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-django-pyfs==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblocks-contrib
openedx-django-require==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-django-wiki==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-events==9.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
openedx-filters==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
openedx-learning==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-mongodbproxy==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
optimizely-sdk==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
ora2==6.14.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   py2neo
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sphinx
pansi==2024.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
path==16.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   ora2
    #   staff-graded-xblock
paver==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
picobox==4.0.0
    # via sphinxcontrib-openapi
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edxval
    #   pansi
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py2neo @ https://github.com/overhangio/py2neo/releases/download/2021.2.3/py2neo-2021.2.3.tar.gz
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pgpy
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   camel-converter
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.16.0
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   py2neo
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-mdinclude
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   firebase-admin
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   olxcleaner
pylti1p3==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongoengine
    #   openedx-mongodbproxy
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   paramiko
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   httplib2
    #   openedx-calc
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   optimizely-sdk
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   icalendar
    #   olxcleaner
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python-swiftclient==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
python3-openid==3.2.0 ; python_version >= "3"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   interchange
    #   olxcleaner
    #   ora2
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   xblock
pyuca==1.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   jsondiff
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinxcontrib-openapi
    #   xblock
random2==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
recommender-xblock==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
redis==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   walrus
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   analytics-python
    #   cachecontrol
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   geoip2
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   mailsnake
    #   meilisearch
    #   openai
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pylti1p3
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sailthru-client
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   xblock-google-drive
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   google-auth
rules==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   openedx-learning
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shapely==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sailthru-client
    #   super-csv
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   codejail-includes
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-codejail
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-rbac
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   interchange
    #   libsass
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   paver
    #   py2neo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-enterprise
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
snowflake-connector-python==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
social-auth-app-django==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-mdinclude
    #   sphinx-reredirects
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
    #   sphinxcontrib-openapi
    #   sphinxext-rediraffe
sphinx-autoapi==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sphinx-mdinclude==0.6.2
    # via sphinxcontrib-openapi
sphinx-reredirects==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-httpdomain==1.8.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-openapi
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-openapi[markdown]==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxext-rediraffe==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/doc.in
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django
staff-graded-xblock==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
super-csv==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-calc
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   icalendar
    #   kombu
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
user-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
walrus==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-sga
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   astroid
xblock[django]==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   done-xblock
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-sga
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xblock-utils
    #   xblocks-contrib
xblock-drag-and-drop-v2==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-google-drive==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-poll==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-utils==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-sga
    #   xblock-poll
xblocks-contrib==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xmlsec==1.3.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
xss-utils==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
