#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/anupdhabarde/edx-proctoring-proctortrack.git@31c6c9923a51c903ae83760ecbbac191363aa2a2#egg=edx_proctoring_proctortrack
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
acid-xblock==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
algoliasearch==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==2.13.5
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   edx-ace
    #   jsonschema
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-learning
    #   referencing
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   icalendar
    #   kombu
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pynliner
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   ora2
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
bok-choy==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
boto==2.39.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
boto3==1.28.64
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-ses
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   ora2
botocore==1.31.64
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
celery==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-learning
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pysrt
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chem==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   import-linter
    #   nltk
    #   pact-python
    #   user-util
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
codejail-includes==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   pytest-cov
crowdsourcehinter-xblock==0.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   pgpy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pyquery
cssutils==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pynliner
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   ora2
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
diff-cover==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-method-override
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-ses
    #   django-splash
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   done-xblock
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
    #   event-tracking
    #   help-tokens
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   openedx-learning
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-cache-memoize==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-sekizai
django-config-models==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   super-csv
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-blockstore
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-filter==23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
django-ipware==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-method-override==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-mysql==4.11.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-pipeline==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-ses==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   ora2
django-splash==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-statici18n==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
django-storages==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
django-user-tasks==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-blockstore
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-learning
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
done-xblock==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-blockstore
drf-spectacular==0.26.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-ace==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-braze-client==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-bulk-grades==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   staff-graded-xblock
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
edx-celeryutils==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   super-csv
edx-codejail==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-completion==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
edx-drf-extensions==8.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   openedx-learning
edx-enterprise==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   ora2
edx-lint==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
edx-milestones==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-name-affirmation==2.3.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
edx-organizations==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-proctoring==4.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring-proctortrack
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-search==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
#edx-sga==0.23.0
git+https://github.com/ts-tech-repo/edx-sga.git@quince.master
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-submissions==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-search
    #   edxval
    #   ora2
edx-token-utils==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-when==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edxval==2.4.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-search
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar-underscore
enmerkar-underscore==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
event-tracking==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-search
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
execnet==2.0.2
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
faker==19.10.0
    # via factory-boy
fastapi==0.103.2
    # via pact-python
fastavro==1.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
geoip2==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
grimp==3.1
    # via import-linter
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
help-tokens==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via httpx
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
httpx==0.23.3
    # via pact-python
icalendar==5.0.10
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
import-linter==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   markdown
    #   pytest-randomly
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
interchange==2021.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   optimizely-sdk
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   pylti1p3
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
laboratory==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   bok-choy
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
libsass==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
lti-consumer-xblock==9.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edxval
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-calc
    #   ora2
    #   pyquery
    #   python3-saml
    #   xblock
    #   xmlsec
mailsnake==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xblock-utils
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-poll
markey==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar-underscore
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   chem
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
maxminddb==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mongoengine==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   py2neo
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-blockstore
newrelic==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
olxcleaner==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openai==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
openedx-atlas==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-blockstore==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-calc==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-django-pyfs==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
openedx-django-require==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-django-wiki==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-events==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
openedx-filters==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
openedx-learning==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-mongodbproxy==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
optimizely-sdk==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
ora2==5.5.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   py2neo
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tox
pact-python==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pansi==2020.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
path==16.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   ora2
    #   staff-graded-xblock
paver==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edxval
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   pact-python
    #   pytest-xdist
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
py2neo @ https://github.com/overhangio/py2neo/releases/download/2021.2.3/py2neo-2021.2.3.tar.gz
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pgpy
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   py2neo
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   olxcleaner
pylint==2.15.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
    #   pylint-pytest
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint-pytest==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pylti1p3==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongoengine
    #   openedx-mongodbproxy
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   optimizely-sdk
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pylint-pytest
    #   pytest-attrib
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-attrib==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-json-report==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-metadata==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pytest-json-report
pytest-randomly==3.15.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-xdist[psutil]==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
    #   olxcleaner
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python-swiftclient==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
python3-openid==3.2.0 ; python_version >= "3"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   django-ses
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   icalendar
    #   interchange
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   ora2
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   xblock
pyuca==1.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
random2==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
recommender-xblock==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   walrus
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   geoip2
    #   mailsnake
    #   openai
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   pact-python
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pylti1p3
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sailthru-client
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   rfc3986
rpds-py==0.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.17.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   openedx-learning
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   bok-choy
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shapely==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sailthru-client
    #   super-csv
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
singledispatch==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   chem
    #   codejail-includes
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-codejail
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-rbac
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   interchange
    #   isodate
    #   libsass
    #   optimizely-sdk
    #   pact-python
    #   pansi
    #   paver
    #   py2neo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
snowflake-connector-python==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-wiki
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django
    #   openedx-blockstore
staff-graded-xblock==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
super-csv==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-calc
testfixtures==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   import-linter
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   fastapi
    #   grimp
    #   import-linter
    #   kombu
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pylint
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   starlette
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
unidiff==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pact-python
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   snowflake-connector-python
user-util==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via pact-python
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via tox
voluptuous==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
walrus==0.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-sga
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
xblock[django]==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   done-xblock
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-sga
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xblock-poll
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-drag-and-drop-v2==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-google-drive==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-poll==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-utils==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   done-xblock
    #   edx-sga
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-google-drive
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
xss-utils==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
