docs/en_us/course_authors/source/create_video.rst, before:

.. _Working with Video Components:

#############################
Working with Video Components
#############################


**********************
Introduction to Videos
**********************
You can create a video of your lecture and add it to your course with other components—such 
as discussions and problems—to promote active learning. Adding a video to your course has several steps.

#. Create the video.
#. Create or obtain a transcript for the video.
#. Post the video online.
#. In Studio, create a Video component.

.. note:: Review :ref:`Best Practices for Accessible Media` before adding videos to your course.

.. _Create the Video:

************************
Step 1. Create the Video
************************

Your video can contain whatever content you want. The `Producing Videos <https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/courseware/93451eee15ed47b0a310c19020e8dc64/a1b0835e986b4283b0f8871d97babb9a/>`_ 
section of our `edX101 <https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about>`_ 
course has some helpful pointers for creating good video content.

.. _Compression Specifications:

Compression Specifications
--------------------------

When you create your video, edX recommends the following compression specs. (Note that 
these are recommended but not required.)

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 20 20 20
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Output
     - Edited Files
     - Publish to YouTube
     - Publish downloadable file to AWS S3
   * - Codec
     - H.264 .mp4
     - H.264 "main concept" .mp4
     - H.264 "x264" .mp4
   * - Resolution and Frame Rate
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps 
     - 1280x720, progressive, 29.97 fps
   * - Aspect
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
   * - Bit Rate
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass  
   * - Target VBR
     - 32 mbps
     - 5 mbps
     - 1 mbps
   * - Max VBR
     - 40 mbps
     - 7.5 mbps
     - 1.5 mbps
   * - Audio
     - Linear AAC 48kHz / 256 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps

.. _Video Formats:

Video Formats
-------------

The edX video player supports videos in .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, and .webm format.

.. _Create Transcript:

*********************************************
Step 2. Create or Obtain a Video Transcript
*********************************************

We strongly recommend that you associate a timed transcript with your video. Transcripts can be helpful for students whose first language isn't English, who can't watch the video, or who want to review the video's content. The transcript scrolls automatically while your video plays. When a student clicks a word in the transcript, the video opens to that word. You can also allow your students to download the transcript so that they can read it offline. You'll associate the transcript with the video when you create the Video component.

**To play automatically with the video, your transcript file must be an .srt file.** To create or obtain a transcript in .srt format, you can work with a company that provides captioning services. EdX works with `3Play Media <http://www.3playmedia.com>`_. `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_ also provides captioning services. 

In addition to your .srt file, you can provide other transcripts with your video. For example, you can provide downloadable transcripts in a text format such as .txt or .pdf, and you can provide transcripts in different languages. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`. 

.. note:: Some past courses have used .sjson files for video transcripts. If transcripts in your course uses this format, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`. We don't recommend that you use .sjson files.


*****************************
Step 3. Post the Video Online
*****************************

All course videos should be posted to YouTube. By default, the edX video player accesses your YouTube videos. 

Because YouTube is not available in all locations, however, we recommend that you also post 
copies of your videos on a third-party site such as `Amazon S3 <http://aws.amazon.com/s3/>`_. When a student views  a video in your course, if YouTube is not available in that student’s location or if 
the YouTube video doesn’t play, the video on the backup site starts playing automatically. 
The student can also click a link to download the video from the backup site.

After you post your video online, make sure you have the URL for the video. If you host copies of your video in more than one place, make sure you have the URL for each video location.


YouTube
-------

After you've created your video, upload the video to `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_. 

.. note:: YouTube only hosts videos of up to 15 minutes. If you create a 0.75-speed option, you must make sure that your 1.0-speed video segments are only 11.25 minutes long so that YouTube can host all speeds. YouTube offers paid accounts that relax this restriction.

Other Sites
-----------

You can use any video backup site that you want. However, keep in mind that the site where you 
post the videos may have to handle a lot of traffic.

.. note:: The URL for the video that you post on a third-party site must end in .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, or .webm. EdX can't support videos that you post on sites such as Vimeo. 



.. _Create a Video Component:

********************************
Step 4. Create a Video Component
********************************

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **Video**.

#. When the new video component appears, click **Edit**. The video editor opens to the **Basic** tab.

   .. image:: Images/VideoComponentEditor.gif
    :alt: Image of the video component editor

   You'll replace the default values with your own. 
   
#. In the **Display Name** field, enter the name you want students to see when they hover the mouse 
   over the unit in the course ribbon. This text also appears as a header for the video.

#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4	


#. Next to **Timed Transcript**, select an option.

   - If edX already has a transcript for your video--for example, if you're using a video from an existing course--Studio automatically finds the transcript and associates the transcript with the video.
     
     If you want to modify the transcript, click **Download to Edit**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Timed Transcript**.

   - If your video has a transcript on YouTube, Studio automatically finds the transcript and asks if you want to import it. To use this YouTube transcript, click **Import from YouTube**. (If you want to modify the YouTube transcript, after Studio imports the transcript, click **Download to Edit**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Timed Transcript**.)

   - If neither edX nor YouTube has a transcript for your video, and your transcript uses the .srt format, click **Upload New Timed Transcript** to upload the transcript file from your computer. 

     .. note:: 

        * If your transcript uses the .sjson format, do not use this setting. For more information, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

        * If you want to provide a transcript in a format such as .txt or .pdf, do not use this setting to upload the transcript. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`. 
    

#. Optionally, click **Advanced** to set more options for the video. For a description of each option, see the list below.

#. Click **Save.**
  
.. _Video Advanced Options:

Advanced Options
----------------

The following options appear on the **Advanced** tab in the Video component.

* **Display Name**: The name that you want your students to see. This is the same as the **Display Name** field on the **Basic** tab.

* **Download Transcript**: The URL for the transcript file for the video. This file is usually an .srt file, but can also be a .txt or .pdf file. (For more information about .txt and .pdf files, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.) The URL can be an external URL, such as **http://example.org/transcript.srt**, or the URL for a file that you've uploaded to your **Files & Uploads** page, such as **/static/example.srt**.

  This setting is related to **Transcript Download Allowed**. 

  * If you set **Transcript Download Allowed** to **True**, and you specify a file in the **Download Transcript** field, the file you've specified will be available for students to download. 

  * If you set **Transcript Download Allowed** to **True**, but you leave the **Download Transcript** field blank, the .srt transcript that automatically plays with the video will be available. 

* **End Time**: The time, formatted as hours, minutes, and seconds (HH:MM:SS), when you want the video to end.

* **Start Time**: The time, formatted as hours, minutes, and seconds (HH:MM:SS), when you want the video to begin. 

* **Transcript (primary)**: The name of the .srt file from the **Timed Transcript** field on the **Basic** tab. This field is auto-populated. You don't have to change this setting.
  
  If your transcript uses an .sjson file, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

* **Transcript Display**: Specifies whether you want the transcript to show by default. Students can always turn transcripts on or off while they watch the video.


* **Transcript Download Allowed**: Specifies whether you want to allow your students to download a copy of the transcript. 

* **Transcript Translations**: The transcript files for any additional languages. For more information, see :ref:`Transcripts in Additional Languages`.

* **Video Download Allowed**: Specifies whether you want to allow your students to download a copy of the video.

* **Video Sources**: Additional locations where you've posted the video. This field must contain a URL that ends in .mpeg, .mp4, .ogg, or .webm.

* **YouTube ID, YouTube ID for .75x speed, YouTube ID for 1.25x speed, YouTube ID for 1.5x speed**: If you have uploaded separate videos to YouTube for different speeds of your video, enter the YouTube IDs for these videos in these fields.


.. _Additional Transcripts:

**********************
Additional Transcripts
**********************

You can provide your students with a downloadable transcript in a format such as .txt or .pdf in addition to the .srt transcript that plays along with the video.

#. Upload the .txt or .pdf transcript to the **Files & Uploads** page or host it on an external website.

#. In the Video component, click the **Advanced** tab.

#. In the **Download Transcript** field, enter the URL for the transcript. For more information, see :ref:`Video Advanced Options`.

.. _Transcripts in Additional Languages:

Transcripts in Additional Languages
-----------------------------------

You can provide transcripts for your video in other languages. To do this, you'll work with a third-party service to obtain an .srt transcript file for each language, and then associate the .srt file with the video in Studio.

#. After you've obtained the .srt files for additional languages, upload the .srt transcript files for those languages to the **Files & Uploads** page. Make a note of the URL for each .srt file.
  
   For more information about uploading files, see :ref:`Add Files to a Course`.

#. In Studio, open the Video component for the video.

#. On the **Advanced** tab, scroll down to **Transcript Translations**, and then click **Add**. Two boxes appear above the **Add** button.

#. In the box on the left, enter the ISO 639-1 language code for the language of the transcript file. To find a language code, see the second column of the `Codes for the Representation of Names chart <http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php>`_. For example, you might enter **es** for Spanish, or **ru** for Russian.

#. In the box on the right, enter the URL for the language transcript file you uploaded to the **Files & Uploads** page. For example, you might enter **/static/Video1_Spanish.srt** or **/static/Video1_Russian.srt**.

   .. image:: /Images/TranscriptTranslations.png
     :alt: Image of Transcript Translations fields

.. note:: Make sure that all your transcript file names are unique to each video and language. If you use the same transcript name in more than one Video component, the same transcript will play for each video. To avoid this problem, you could name your foreign language transcript files according to the video's file name and the transcript language.

  For example, you may have two videos, named 12345abcde.mp4 and 54321edcba.mp4. Each video has a Russian transcript and a Spanish transcript. You can name the transcripts for the first video 12345abcde_ru.srt and 12345abcde_es.srt, and name the transcripts for the second video 54321edcba_ru.srt and 54321edcba_es.srt.

.. _Steps for sjson files:

**********************
Steps for .sjson Files
**********************

If your course uses .sjson files, you'll upload the .sjson file for the video to the **Files & Uploads** page, and then specify the name of the .sjson file in the Video component.

.. note:: Only older courses that have used .sjson files in the past should use .sjson files. All new courses should use .srt files. 

#. Obtain the .sjson file from a media company such as 3Play.
#. Change the name of the .sjson file to use the following format:
   
   ``subs_FILENAME.srt.sjson``
   
   For example, if the name of your video is **Lecture1a**, the name of your .sjson file must be **subs_Lecture1a.srt.sjson**.
#. Upload the .sjson file for your video to the **Files & Uploads** page.
#. Create a new video component.
#. On the **Basic** tab, enter the name that you want students to see in the **Display Name** field.
#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4

#. Click the **Advanced** tab.
#. In the **Transcript (primary)** field, enter the file name of your video. Do not include `subs_` or `.sjson`. For the example in step 2, you would only enter **Lecture1a**.
#. Set the other options that you want.
#. Click **Save**.

Commit message:

Update video doc to reflect new LMS **Download transcript** button

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/create_video.rst, after:

.. _Working with Video Components:

#############################
Working with Video Components
#############################


**********************
Introduction to Videos
**********************
You can create a video of your lecture and add it to your course with other components—such 
as discussions and problems—to promote active learning. Adding a video to your course has several steps.

#. Create the video.
#. Create or obtain a transcript for the video.
#. Post the video online.
#. In Studio, create a Video component.

.. note:: Review :ref:`Best Practices for Accessible Media` before adding videos to your course.

.. _Create the Video:

************************
Step 1. Create the Video
************************

Your video can contain whatever content you want. The `Producing Videos <https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/courseware/93451eee15ed47b0a310c19020e8dc64/a1b0835e986b4283b0f8871d97babb9a/>`_ 
section of our `edX101 <https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about>`_ 
course has some helpful pointers for creating good video content.

.. _Compression Specifications:

Compression Specifications
--------------------------

When you create your video, edX recommends the following compression specs. (Note that 
these are recommended but not required.)

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 20 20 20
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Output
     - Edited Files
     - Publish to YouTube
     - Publish downloadable file to AWS S3
   * - Codec
     - H.264 .mp4
     - H.264 "main concept" .mp4
     - H.264 "x264" .mp4
   * - Resolution and Frame Rate
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps 
     - 1280x720, progressive, 29.97 fps
   * - Aspect
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
   * - Bit Rate
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass  
   * - Target VBR
     - 32 mbps
     - 5 mbps
     - 1 mbps
   * - Max VBR
     - 40 mbps
     - 7.5 mbps
     - 1.5 mbps
   * - Audio
     - Linear AAC 48kHz / 256 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps

.. _Video Formats:

Video Formats
-------------

The edX video player supports videos in .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, and .webm format.

.. _Create Transcript:

*********************************************
Step 2. Create or Obtain a Video Transcript
*********************************************

We strongly recommend that you associate a timed transcript with your video. Transcripts can be helpful for students whose first language isn't English, who can't watch the video, or who want to review the video's content. The transcript scrolls automatically while your video plays. When a student clicks a word in the transcript, the video opens to that word. You can also allow your students to download the transcript so that they can read it offline. You'll associate the transcript with the video when you create the Video component.

**To play automatically with the video, your transcript file must be an .srt file.** To create or obtain a transcript in .srt format, you can work with a company that provides captioning services. EdX works with `3Play Media <http://www.3playmedia.com>`_. `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_ also provides captioning services. 

In addition to your .srt file, you can provide other transcripts with your video. For example, you can provide downloadable transcripts in a text format such as .txt or .pdf, and you can provide transcripts in different languages. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`. 

If you provide transcripts for students to download, a **Download transcript** button appears under the video. Students can then select either **SubRip (.srt) file** or **Text (.txt) file** to download the .srt or .txt transcript.

.. image:: Images/transcript-download.png

.. note:: Some past courses have used .sjson files for video transcripts. If transcripts in your course uses this format, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`. We don't recommend that you use .sjson files.


*****************************
Step 3. Post the Video Online
*****************************

All course videos should be posted to YouTube. By default, the edX video player accesses your YouTube videos. 

Because YouTube is not available in all locations, however, we recommend that you also post 
copies of your videos on a third-party site such as `Amazon S3 <http://aws.amazon.com/s3/>`_. When a student views  a video in your course, if YouTube is not available in that student’s location or if 
the YouTube video doesn’t play, the video on the backup site starts playing automatically. 
The student can also click a link to download the video from the backup site.

After you post your video online, make sure you have the URL for the video. If you host copies of your video in more than one place, make sure you have the URL for each video location.


YouTube
-------

After you've created your video, upload the video to `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_. 

.. note:: YouTube only hosts videos of up to 15 minutes. If you create a 0.75-speed option, you must make sure that your 1.0-speed video segments are only 11.25 minutes long so that YouTube can host all speeds. YouTube offers paid accounts that relax this restriction.

Other Sites
-----------

You can use any video backup site that you want. However, keep in mind that the site where you 
post the videos may have to handle a lot of traffic.

.. note:: The URL for the video that you post on a third-party site must end in .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, or .webm. EdX can't support videos that you post on sites such as Vimeo. 



.. _Create a Video Component:

********************************
Step 4. Create a Video Component
********************************

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **Video**.

#. When the new video component appears, click **Edit**. The video editor opens to the **Basic** tab.

   .. image:: Images/VideoComponentEditor.gif
    :alt: Image of the video component editor

   You'll replace the default values with your own. 
   
#. In the **Display Name** field, enter the name you want students to see when they hover the mouse 
   over the unit in the course ribbon. This text also appears as a header for the video.

#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4	


#. Next to **Timed Transcript**, select an option.

   - If edX already has a transcript for your video--for example, if you're using a video from an existing course--Studio automatically finds the transcript and associates the transcript with the video.
     
     If you want to modify the transcript, click **Download to Edit**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Timed Transcript**.

   - If your video has a transcript on YouTube, Studio automatically finds the transcript and asks if you want to import it. To use this YouTube transcript, click **Import from YouTube**. (If you want to modify the YouTube transcript, after Studio imports the transcript, click **Download to Edit**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Timed Transcript**.)

   - If neither edX nor YouTube has a transcript for your video, and your transcript uses the .srt format, click **Upload New Timed Transcript** to upload the transcript file from your computer. 

     .. note:: 

        * If your transcript uses the .sjson format, do not use this setting. For more information, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

        * If you want to provide a transcript in a format such as .txt or .pdf, do not use this setting to upload the transcript. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`. 
    

#. Optionally, click **Advanced** to set more options for the video. For a description of each option, see the list below.

#. Click **Save.**
  
.. _Video Advanced Options:

Advanced Options
----------------

The following options appear on the **Advanced** tab in the Video component.

* **Display Name**: The name that you want your students to see. This is the same as the **Display Name** field on the **Basic** tab.

* **Download Transcript**: The URL for the transcript file for the video. This file is usually an .srt file, but can also be a .txt or .pdf file. (For more information about .txt and .pdf files, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.) The URL can be an external URL, such as **http://example.org/transcript.srt**, or the URL for a file that you've uploaded to your **Files & Uploads** page, such as **/static/example.srt**.

  This setting is related to **Transcript Download Allowed**. 

  * If you set **Transcript Download Allowed** to **True**, and you specify a file in the **Download Transcript** field, the file you've specified will be available for students to download. 

  * If you set **Transcript Download Allowed** to **True**, but you leave the **Download Transcript** field blank, the .srt transcript that automatically plays with the video will be available. 

* **End Time**: The time, formatted as hours, minutes, and seconds (HH:MM:SS), when you want the video to end.

* **Start Time**: The time, formatted as hours, minutes, and seconds (HH:MM:SS), when you want the video to begin. 

* **Transcript (primary)**: The name of the .srt file from the **Timed Transcript** field on the **Basic** tab. This field is auto-populated. You don't have to change this setting.
  
  If your transcript uses an .sjson file, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

* **Transcript Display**: Specifies whether you want the transcript to show by default. Students can always turn transcripts on or off while they watch the video.


* **Transcript Download Allowed**: Specifies whether you want to allow your students to download a copy of the transcript. 

* **Transcript Translations**: The transcript files for any additional languages. For more information, see :ref:`Transcripts in Additional Languages`.

* **Video Download Allowed**: Specifies whether you want to allow your students to download a copy of the video.

* **Video Sources**: Additional locations where you've posted the video. This field must contain a URL that ends in .mpeg, .mp4, .ogg, or .webm.

* **YouTube ID, YouTube ID for .75x speed, YouTube ID for 1.25x speed, YouTube ID for 1.5x speed**: If you have uploaded separate videos to YouTube for different speeds of your video, enter the YouTube IDs for these videos in these fields.


.. _Additional Transcripts:

**********************
Additional Transcripts
**********************

You can provide your students with a downloadable transcript in a format such as .txt or .pdf in addition to the .srt transcript that plays along with the video.

#. Upload the .txt or .pdf transcript to the **Files & Uploads** page or host it on an external website.

#. In the Video component, click the **Advanced** tab.

#. In the **Download Transcript** field, enter the URL for the transcript. For more information, see :ref:`Video Advanced Options`.

.. _Transcripts in Additional Languages:

Transcripts in Additional Languages
-----------------------------------

You can provide transcripts for your video in other languages. To do this, you'll work with a third-party service to obtain an .srt transcript file for each language, and then associate the .srt file with the video in Studio.

#. After you've obtained the .srt files for additional languages, upload the .srt transcript files for those languages to the **Files & Uploads** page. Make a note of the URL for each .srt file.
  
   For more information about uploading files, see :ref:`Add Files to a Course`.

#. In Studio, open the Video component for the video.

#. On the **Advanced** tab, scroll down to **Transcript Translations**, and then click **Add**. Two boxes appear above the **Add** button.

#. In the box on the left, enter the ISO 639-1 language code for the language of the transcript file. To find a language code, see the second column of the `Codes for the Representation of Names chart <http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php>`_. For example, you might enter **es** for Spanish, or **ru** for Russian.

#. In the box on the right, enter the URL for the language transcript file you uploaded to the **Files & Uploads** page. For example, you might enter **/static/Video1_Spanish.srt** or **/static/Video1_Russian.srt**.

   .. image:: /Images/TranscriptTranslations.png
     :alt: Image of Transcript Translations fields

.. note:: Make sure that all your transcript file names are unique to each video and language. If you use the same transcript name in more than one Video component, the same transcript will play for each video. To avoid this problem, you could name your foreign language transcript files according to the video's file name and the transcript language.

  For example, you may have two videos, named 12345abcde.mp4 and 54321edcba.mp4. Each video has a Russian transcript and a Spanish transcript. You can name the transcripts for the first video 12345abcde_ru.srt and 12345abcde_es.srt, and name the transcripts for the second video 54321edcba_ru.srt and 54321edcba_es.srt.

.. _Steps for sjson files:

**********************
Steps for .sjson Files
**********************

If your course uses .sjson files, you'll upload the .sjson file for the video to the **Files & Uploads** page, and then specify the name of the .sjson file in the Video component.

.. note:: Only older courses that have used .sjson files in the past should use .sjson files. All new courses should use .srt files. 

#. Obtain the .sjson file from a media company such as 3Play.
#. Change the name of the .sjson file to use the following format:
   
   ``subs_FILENAME.srt.sjson``
   
   For example, if the name of your video is **Lecture1a**, the name of your .sjson file must be **subs_Lecture1a.srt.sjson**.
#. Upload the .sjson file for your video to the **Files & Uploads** page.
#. Create a new video component.
#. On the **Basic** tab, enter the name that you want students to see in the **Display Name** field.
#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4

#. Click the **Advanced** tab.
#. In the **Transcript (primary)** field, enter the file name of your video. Do not include `subs_` or `.sjson`. For the example in step 2, you would only enter **Lecture1a**.
#. Set the other options that you want.
#. Click **Save**.
