README.md, before:

This is the main edX platform which consists of LMS and Studio.

See [code.edx.org](http://code.edx.org/) for other parts of the edX code base.

Installation
------------

Please refer to the following wiki pages in our [configuration repo](https://github.com/edx/configuration) to install edX:

* [edX Developer Stack](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Developer-Stack) 
<br/>These instructions are for developers who want to contribute or make changes to the edX source code.
* [edX Production Stack](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Production-Stack) 
<br/>Using Vagrant/Virtualbox this will setup all edX services on a single server in a production like configuration.
* [edX Ubuntu 12.04 installation](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Ubuntu-12.04-Installation) 
<br/>This will install edX on an existing Ubuntu 12.04 server.


License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under version 3 of the AGPL unless
otherwise noted.

Please see ``LICENSE.txt`` for details.

Documentation
------------

High-level documentation of the code is located in the `doc` subdirectory. Start
with `overview.md` to get an introduction to the architecture of the system.

How to Contribute
-----------------

Contributions are very welcome.

Please read [How To Contribute](https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/wiki/How-To-Contribute) for details.

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@edx.org

Mailing List and IRC Channel
----------------------------

You can discuss this code on the [edx-code Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/edx-code) or in the
`edx-code` IRC channel on Freenode.

Commit message:

Update and linkify our README file

README.md, after:

This is the main edX platform which consists of LMS and Studio.

See [code.edx.org](http://code.edx.org/) for other parts of the edX code base.

Installation
------------

Please refer to the following wiki pages in our [configuration repo](https://github.com/edx/configuration) to install edX:

* [edX Developer Stack](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Developer-Stack)
<br/>These instructions are for developers who want to contribute or make changes to the edX source code.
* [edX Production Stack](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Production-Stack)
<br/>Using Vagrant/Virtualbox this will setup all edX services on a single server in a production like configuration.
* [edX Ubuntu 12.04 installation](https://github.com/edx/configuration/wiki/edX-Ubuntu-12.04-Installation)
<br/>This will install edX on an existing Ubuntu 12.04 server.


License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under version 3 of the AGPL unless
otherwise noted. Please see the
[`LICENSE`](https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/blob/master/LICENSE) file
for details.

Documentation
------------

High-level documentation of the code is located in the `docs` subdirectory.
Most (although not all) of our documentation is built using
[Sphinx](http://sphinx-doc.org/): you can [view the built documentation on
ReadTheDocs](http://edx.readthedocs.org/).

How to Contribute
-----------------

Contributions are very welcome, but for legal reasons, you must submit a signed
[individual contributor's agreement](http://code.edx.org/individual-contributor-agreement.pdf)
before we can accept your contribution. See our
[CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst)
file for more information -- it also contains guidelines for how to maintain
high code quality, which will make your contribution more likely to be accepted.

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@edx.org

Mailing List and IRC Channel
----------------------------

You can discuss this code on the [edx-code Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/edx-code) or in the [`edx-code` IRC channel on Freenode](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=edx-code).
