docs/en_us/course_authors/source/creating_content/create_video.rst, before:

.. _Working with Video Components:

#############################
Working with Video Components
#############################


**********************
Introduction to Videos
**********************
You can create a video of your lecture and add it to your course with other
components—such as discussions and problems—to promote active learning. Adding a
video to your course has several steps.

#. :ref:`Create the Video`.
#. :ref:`Create Transcript`.
#. :ref:`Post the Video Online`.
#. :ref:`Create a Video Component`.

Also see:

* :ref:`Additional Transcripts`
* :ref:`Steps for sjson files`

.. note:: Review :ref:`Best Practices for Accessible Media` before adding videos
 to your course.

.. _Create the Video:

************************
Step 1. Create the Video
************************

Your video can contain whatever content you want. The `Producing Videos <https:/
/edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/courseware/93451eee
15ed47b0a310c19020e8dc64/a1b0835e986b4283b0f8871d97babb9a/>`_ section of our
`edX101
<https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about>`_
course has some helpful pointers for creating good video content.

.. _Compression Specifications:

====================================
Compression Specifications
====================================

When you create your video, edX recommends the following compression specs.
(Note that these are recommended but not required.)

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 20 20 20
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Output
     - Edited Files
     - Publish to YouTube
     - Publish downloadable file to AWS S3
   * - Codec
     - H.264 .mp4
     - H.264 "main concept" .mp4
     - H.264 "x264" .mp4
   * - Resolution and Frame Rate
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps 
     - 1280x720, progressive, 29.97 fps
   * - Aspect
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
   * - Bit Rate
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass  
   * - Target VBR
     - 32 mbps
     - 5 mbps
     - 1 mbps
   * - Max VBR
     - 40 mbps
     - 7.5 mbps
     - 1.5 mbps
   * - Audio
     - Linear AAC 48kHz / 256 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps

.. _Video Formats:

==================
Video Formats
==================

The edX video player supports videos in .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, and .webm format.

.. _Create Transcript:

*********************************************
Step 2. Create or Obtain a Video Transcript
*********************************************

We strongly recommend that you associate a timed transcript with your video.
Transcripts can be helpful for students whose first language isn't English, who
can't watch the video, or who want to review the video's content. The transcript
scrolls automatically while your video plays. When a student clicks a word in
the transcript, the video opens to that word. You can also allow your students
to download the transcript so that they can read it offline. You'll associate
the transcript with the video when you create the Video component.

**To play automatically with the video, your transcript file must be an .srt
file.** To create or obtain a transcript in .srt format, you can work with a
company that provides captioning services. EdX works with `3Play Media
<http://www.3playmedia.com>`_. `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_ also
provides captioning services.

When you upload an .srt file, a .txt file is created automatically. You can allow students to download either the .srt file or the .txt file. You can also provide transcripts in different formats, such as .pdf, and you can provide transcripts in different languages. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.

If you allow your students to download transcripts, a **Download transcript**
button appears under the video. Students can then select either **SubRip (.srt)
file** or **Text (.txt) file** to download the .srt or .txt transcript.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-txt.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt and txt transcript download options

.. note:: Some past courses have used .sjson files for video transcripts. If
 transcripts in your course uses this format, see :ref:`Steps for sjson
 files`. We don't recommend that you use .sjson files.

.. _Post the Video Online:

*****************************
Step 3. Post the Video Online
*****************************

All course videos should be posted to YouTube. By default, the edX video player
accesses your YouTube videos.

Because YouTube is not available in all locations, however, we recommend that
you also post copies of your videos on a third-party site such as `Amazon S3
<http://aws.amazon.com/s3/>`_. When a student views  a video in your course, if
YouTube is not available in that student’s location or if the YouTube video
doesn’t play, the video on the backup site starts playing automatically. You can also allow the
student to download the video from the backup site.

After you post your video online, make sure you have the URL for the video. If
you host copies of your video in more than one place, make sure you have the URL
for each video location.

==================
YouTube
==================

After you've created your video, upload the video to `YouTube
<http://www.youtube.com/>`_.

.. note:: YouTube only hosts videos of up to 15 minutes. If you create a
 0.75-speed option, you must make sure that your 1.0-speed video segments are
 only 11.25 minutes long so that YouTube can host all speeds. YouTube offers
 paid accounts that relax this restriction.

==================
Other Sites
==================

You can use any video backup site that you want. However, keep in mind that the
site where you post the videos may have to handle a lot of traffic.

.. note:: The URL for the video that you post on a third-party site must end in
 .mp4, .mpeg, .ogg, or .webm. EdX can't support videos that you post on sites
 such as Vimeo.

.. _Create a Video Component:

********************************
Step 4. Create a Video Component
********************************

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **Video**.

#. When the new video component appears, click **Edit**. The video editor opens
   to the **Basic** tab.

   .. image:: ../Images/VideoComponentEditor.png
    :alt: Image of the video component editor
    :width: 500

   You'll replace the default values with your own. 
   
#. In the **Component Display Name** field, enter the name you want students to see when
   they hover the mouse over the unit in the course ribbon. This text also
   appears as a header for the video.

#. In the **Default Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL
   may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-videos/edx101/video4.webm	

   .. note:: To be sure all students can access the video, we recommend providing both an .mp4 and a .webm version of your video. To do this, you can post additional versions of your videos on the Internet, then add the URLs for these versions below the default video URL. **These URLs cannot be YouTube URLs**. To add a URL for another version, click **Add URLs for additional versions**. The first listed video that's compatible with the student's computer will play.

#. Next to **Default Timed Transcript**, select an option.

   - If edX already has a transcript for your video--for example, if you're
     using a video from an existing course--Studio automatically finds the
     transcript and associates the transcript with the video.
     
     If you want to modify the transcript, click **Download Transcript for Editing**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Transcript**.

   - If edX doesn't have a transcript for the video, but YouTube has a transcript, Studio automatically finds the YouTube
     transcript and asks if you want to import it. To use this YouTube
     transcript, click **Import YouTube Transcript**. (If you want to modify the
     YouTube transcript, import the YouTube transcript into Studio, and then click **Download Transcript for Editing**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by
     clicking **Upload New Transcript**.)

   - If both edX and YouTube have a transcript for your video, but the edX transcript is out of date, you'll receive a message asking if you want to replace the edX transcript with the YouTube transcript. To use the YouTube transcript, click **Yes, replace the edX transcript with the YouTube transcript**.

   - If neither edX nor YouTube has a transcript for your video, and your
     transcript uses the .srt format, click **Upload New Transcript** to
     upload the transcript file from your computer.

     .. note:: 

        * If your transcript uses the .sjson format, do not use this setting.
          For more information, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

        * If you want to provide a transcript in a format such as .pdf,
          do not use this setting to upload the transcript. For more
          information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.
    

#. Optionally, click **Advanced** to set more options for the video. For a
   description of each option, see :ref:`Video Advanced Options`.

#. Click **Save.**
  
.. _Video Advanced Options:

==================
Advanced Options
==================

The following options appear on the **Advanced** tab in the Video component.

.. list-table::
    :widths: 30 70

    * - **Component Display Name**
      - The name that you want your students to see. This is the same as the **Display Name** field on the **Basic** tab.
    * - **Default Timed Transcript**
      -  The name of the transcript file that's used in the **Default Timed Transcript** field on the **Basic** tab. This field is auto-populated. You don't have to change this setting.
    * - **Download Transcript Allowed**
      - Specifies whether you want to allow students to download the timed transcript. If you set this value to **True**, a link to download the file appears below the video. 

        By default, Studio creates a .txt transcript when you upload an .srt transcript. Students can download the .srt or .txt versions of the transcript when you set **Download Transcript Allowed** to **True**. If you want to provide the transcript for download in a different format as well, such as .pdf, upload a file to Studio by using the **Upload Handout** field. 

    * - **Downloadable Transcript URL**
      - The URL for a non-.srt version of the transcript file posted on the **Files & Uploads** page or on the Internet. Students see a link to download the non-.srt transcript below the video. 

        .. note:: When you add a transcript to this field, only the transcript that you add is available for download. The .srt and .txt transcripts become unavailable. If you want to provide a downloadable transcript in a format other than .srt, we recommend that you upload a handout for students by using the **Upload Handout** field. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.

    * - **Show Transcript**
      - Specifies whether the transcript plays along with the video by default.
    * - **Transcript Languages**
      - The transcript files for any additional languages. For more information, see :ref:`Transcripts in Additional Languages`.
    * - **Upload Handout**
      - Allows you to upload a handout to accompany this video. Your handout can be in any format. Students can download the handout by clicking **Download Handout** under the video.
    * - **Video Download Allowed**
      - Specifies whether students can download versions of this video in different formats if they cannot use the edX video player or do not have access to YouTube. If you set this value to **True**, you must add at least one non-YouTube URL in the **Video File URLs** field. 
    * - **Video File URLs**
      - The URL or URLs where you've posted non-YouTube versions of the video. Each URL must end in .mpeg, .mp4, .ogg, or .webm and cannot be a YouTube URL. Students will be able to view the first listed video that's compatible with the student's computer. To allow students to download these videos, you must set **Video Download Allowed** to **True**.
    * - **Video Start Time**
      - The time you want the video to start if you don't want the entire video to play. Formatted as HH:MM:SS. The maximum value is 23:59:59.
    * - **Video Stop Time**
      - The time you want the video to stop if you don't want the entire video to play. Formatted as HH:MM:SS. The maximum value is 23:59:59.
    * - **YouTube ID, YouTube ID for .75x speed, YouTube ID for 1.25x speed, YouTube ID for 1.5x speed**
      - If you have uploaded separate videos to YouTube for different speeds of your video, enter the YouTube IDs for these videos in these fields. These settings are optional, for older browsers.

.. _Additional Transcripts:

**********************
Additional Transcripts
**********************

By default, a .txt file is created when you upload an .srt file, and students can download an .srt or .txt transcript when you set **Download Transcript Allowed** to **True**. The **Download Transcript** button appears below the video, and students see the .srt and .txt options when they hover over the button.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-txt.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt and txt transcript download options

If you want to provide a downloadable transcript in a format such as .pdf along with the .srt and .txt transcripts, we recommend that you use the **Upload Handout** field. When you do this, a **Download Handout** button appears to the right of the **Download Transcript** button, and students can download the .srt, .txt, or handout version of the transcript.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-handout.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt, txt, and handout transcript download options

To add a downloadable transcript by using the **Upload Handout** field:

#. Create or obtain your transcript as a .pdf or in another format.
#. In the Video component, click the **Advanced** tab.
#. Locate **Upload Handout**, and then click **Upload**.
#. In the **Upload File** dialog box, click **Choose File**.
#. In the dialog box, select the file on your computer, and then click **Open**.
#. In the **Upload File** dialog box, click **Upload**.


Before Studio added the **Upload Handout** feature, some courses posted transcript files on the **Files & Uploads** page or on the Internet, and then added a link to those files in the Video component. **We no longer recommend this method.**  When you use this method, the **Download Transcript** button appears, but only the transcript that you add is available for download. The .srt and .txt transcripts become unavailable. 

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_other.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing Download Transcript button without srt and txt options

If you want to use this method, you can post your transcript online, and then add the URL to the transcript in the **Downloadable Transcript URL** field. However, bear in mind that students will not be able to download .srt or .txt transcripts.

.. _Transcripts in Additional Languages:

====================================
Transcripts in Additional Languages
====================================

You can provide transcripts for your video in other languages. To do this,
you'll work with a third-party service to obtain an .srt transcript file for
each language, and then associate the .srt file with the video in Studio.

#. After you've obtained the .srt files for additional languages, open the Video component for the video.

#. On the **Advanced** tab, scroll down to **Transcript Translations**, and then
   click **Add**. 

#. In the drop-down list that appears, select the language for the transcript that you want to add. 

   An **Upload** button appears below the language.

#. Click **Upload**, browse to the .srt file for the language that you want, and then click **Open**.

#. In the **Upload translation** dialog box, click **Upload**.

#. Repeat steps 2 - 5 for any additional languages. 

.. note:: Make sure that all your transcript file names are unique to each video
 and language. If you use the same transcript name in more than one Video
 component, the same transcript will play for each video. To avoid this
 problem, you could name your foreign language transcript files according to
 the video's file name and the transcript language.

 For example, you have two videos, named video1.mp4 and video2.mp4. Each video has a Russian transcript and a Spanish transcript. You can name the transcripts for the first video video1_RU.srt and video1_ES.srt, and name the transcripts for the second video video2_RU.srt and video2_ES.srt.

When your students view the video, they can click the **CC** button at the bottom of the video player to select a language.

.. image:: ../Images/Video_LanguageTranscripts_LMS.png
   :alt: Video playing with language options visible

.. _Steps for sjson files:

**********************
Steps for .sjson Files
**********************

If your course uses .sjson files, you'll upload the .sjson file for the video to
the **Files & Uploads** page, and then specify the name of the .sjson file in
the Video component.

.. note:: Only older courses that have used .sjson files in the past should use
 .sjson files. All new courses should use .srt files.

#. Obtain the .sjson file from a media company such as 3Play.
#. Change the name of the .sjson file to use the following format:
   
   ``subs_FILENAME.srt.sjson``
   
   For example, if the name of your video is **Lecture1a**, the name of your
   .sjson file must be **subs_Lecture1a.srt.sjson**.
#. Upload the .sjson file for your video to the **Files & Uploads** page.
#. Create a new video component.
#. On the **Basic** tab, enter the name that you want students to see in the
   **Component Display Name** field.
#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL
   may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4

#. Click the **Advanced** tab.
#. In the **Default Timed Transcript** field, enter the file name of your video. Do
   not include `subs_` or `.sjson`. For the example in step 2, you would only
   enter **Lecture1a**.
#. Set the other options that you want.
#. Click **Save**.

Commit message:

Add note strongly recommending .webm and .mp4 video format

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/creating_content/create_video.rst, after:

.. _Working with Video Components:

#############################
Working with Video Components
#############################


**********************
Introduction to Videos
**********************
You can create a video of your lecture and add it to your course with other
components—such as discussions and problems—to promote active learning. Adding a
video to your course has several steps.

#. :ref:`Create the Video`.
#. :ref:`Create Transcript`.
#. :ref:`Post the Video Online`.
#. :ref:`Create a Video Component`.

Also see:

* :ref:`Additional Transcripts`
* :ref:`Steps for sjson files`

.. note:: Review :ref:`Best Practices for Accessible Media` before adding videos
 to your course.

.. _Create the Video:

************************
Step 1. Create the Video
************************

Your video can contain whatever content you want. The `Producing Videos <https:/
/edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/courseware/93451eee
15ed47b0a310c19020e8dc64/a1b0835e986b4283b0f8871d97babb9a/>`_ section of our
`edX101
<https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about>`_
course has some helpful pointers for creating good video content.

.. _Compression Specifications:

====================================
Compression Specifications
====================================

When you create your video, edX recommends the following compression specs.
(Note that these are recommended but not required.)

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 20 20 20
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Output
     - Edited Files
     - Publish to YouTube
     - Publish downloadable file to AWS S3
   * - Codec
     - H.264 .mp4
     - H.264 "main concept" .mp4
     - H.264 "x264" .mp4
   * - Resolution and Frame Rate
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps
     - 1920x1080, progressive, 29.97 fps 
     - 1280x720, progressive, 29.97 fps
   * - Aspect
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
     - 1.0
   * - Bit Rate
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass 
     - VBR, 2 pass  
   * - Target VBR
     - 32 mbps
     - 5 mbps
     - 1 mbps
   * - Max VBR
     - 40 mbps
     - 7.5 mbps
     - 1.5 mbps
   * - Audio
     - Linear AAC 48kHz / 256 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps
     - AAC 44.1 / 192 kbps

.. _Video Formats:

==================
Video Formats
==================

The edX video player supports videos in .mp4, .webm, .mpeg, and .ogg format. **However, to help make sure all standard browsers can play your video, we strongly recommend that you use the .mp4 or .webm format.**

.. _Create Transcript:

*********************************************
Step 2. Create or Obtain a Video Transcript
*********************************************

We strongly recommend that you associate a timed transcript with your video.
Transcripts can be helpful for students whose first language isn't English, who
can't watch the video, or who want to review the video's content. The transcript
scrolls automatically while your video plays. When a student clicks a word in
the transcript, the video opens to that word. You can also allow your students
to download the transcript so that they can read it offline. You'll associate
the transcript with the video when you create the Video component.

**To play automatically with the video, your transcript file must be an .srt
file.** To create or obtain a transcript in .srt format, you can work with a
company that provides captioning services. EdX works with `3Play Media
<http://www.3playmedia.com>`_. `YouTube <http://www.youtube.com/>`_ also
provides captioning services.

When you upload an .srt file, a .txt file is created automatically. You can allow students to download either the .srt file or the .txt file. You can also provide transcripts in different formats, such as .pdf, and you can provide transcripts in different languages. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.

If you allow your students to download transcripts, a **Download transcript**
button appears under the video. Students can then select either **SubRip (.srt)
file** or **Text (.txt) file** to download the .srt or .txt transcript.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-txt.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt and txt transcript download options

.. note:: Some past courses have used .sjson files for video transcripts. If
 transcripts in your course uses this format, see :ref:`Steps for sjson
 files`. We don't recommend that you use .sjson files.

.. _Post the Video Online:

*****************************
Step 3. Post the Video Online
*****************************

All course videos should be posted to YouTube. By default, the edX video player
accesses your YouTube videos.

Because YouTube is not available in all locations, however, we recommend that
you also post copies of your videos on a third-party site such as `Amazon S3
<http://aws.amazon.com/s3/>`_. When a student views  a video in your course, if
YouTube is not available in that student’s location or if the YouTube video
doesn’t play, the video on the backup site starts playing automatically. You can also allow the
student to download the video from the backup site.

After you post your video online, make sure you have the URL for the video. If
you host copies of your video in more than one place, make sure you have the URL
for each video location.

==================
YouTube
==================

After you've created your video, upload the video to `YouTube
<http://www.youtube.com/>`_.

.. note:: YouTube only hosts videos of up to 15 minutes. If you create a
 0.75-speed option, you must make sure that your 1.0-speed video segments are
 only 11.25 minutes long so that YouTube can host all speeds. YouTube offers
 paid accounts that relax this restriction.

==================
Other Sites
==================

You can use any video backup site that you want. However, keep in mind that the
site where you post the videos may have to handle a lot of traffic.

.. note:: The URL for the video that you post on a third-party site must end in
 .mp4, .webm., .mpeg, or .ogg. (To help make sure all standard browsers can play your video, we **strongly** recommend that you use .mp4 or .webm format.) EdX can't support videos that you post on sites
 such as Vimeo.

.. _Create a Video Component:

********************************
Step 4. Create a Video Component
********************************

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **Video**.

#. When the new video component appears, click **Edit**. The video editor opens
   to the **Basic** tab.

   .. image:: ../Images/VideoComponentEditor.png
    :alt: Image of the video component editor
    :width: 500

   You'll replace the default values with your own. 
   
#. In the **Component Display Name** field, enter the name you want students to see when
   they hover the mouse over the unit in the course ribbon. This text also
   appears as a header for the video.

#. In the **Default Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL
   may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-videos/edx101/video4.webm	

   .. note:: To be sure all students can access the video, we recommend providing both an .mp4 and a .webm version of your video. To do this, you can post additional versions of your videos on the Internet, then add the URLs for these versions below the default video URL. **These URLs cannot be YouTube URLs**. To add a URL for another version, click **Add URLs for additional versions**. The first listed video that's compatible with the student's computer will play.

#. Next to **Default Timed Transcript**, select an option.

   - If edX already has a transcript for your video--for example, if you're
     using a video from an existing course--Studio automatically finds the
     transcript and associates the transcript with the video.
     
     If you want to modify the transcript, click **Download Transcript for Editing**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by clicking **Upload New Transcript**.

   - If edX doesn't have a transcript for the video, but YouTube has a transcript, Studio automatically finds the YouTube
     transcript and asks if you want to import it. To use this YouTube
     transcript, click **Import YouTube Transcript**. (If you want to modify the
     YouTube transcript, import the YouTube transcript into Studio, and then click **Download Transcript for Editing**. You can then make your changes and upload the new file by
     clicking **Upload New Transcript**.)

   - If both edX and YouTube have a transcript for your video, but the edX transcript is out of date, you'll receive a message asking if you want to replace the edX transcript with the YouTube transcript. To use the YouTube transcript, click **Yes, replace the edX transcript with the YouTube transcript**.

   - If neither edX nor YouTube has a transcript for your video, and your
     transcript uses the .srt format, click **Upload New Transcript** to
     upload the transcript file from your computer.

     .. note:: 

        * If your transcript uses the .sjson format, do not use this setting.
          For more information, see :ref:`Steps for sjson files`.

        * If you want to provide a transcript in a format such as .pdf,
          do not use this setting to upload the transcript. For more
          information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.
    

#. Optionally, click **Advanced** to set more options for the video. For a
   description of each option, see :ref:`Video Advanced Options`.

#. Click **Save.**
  
.. _Video Advanced Options:

==================
Advanced Options
==================

The following options appear on the **Advanced** tab in the Video component.

.. list-table::
    :widths: 30 70

    * - **Component Display Name**
      - The name that you want your students to see. This is the same as the **Display Name** field on the **Basic** tab.
    * - **Default Timed Transcript**
      -  The name of the transcript file that's used in the **Default Timed Transcript** field on the **Basic** tab. This field is auto-populated. You don't have to change this setting.
    * - **Download Transcript Allowed**
      - Specifies whether you want to allow students to download the timed transcript. If you set this value to **True**, a link to download the file appears below the video. 

        By default, Studio creates a .txt transcript when you upload an .srt transcript. Students can download the .srt or .txt versions of the transcript when you set **Download Transcript Allowed** to **True**. If you want to provide the transcript for download in a different format as well, such as .pdf, upload a file to Studio by using the **Upload Handout** field. 

    * - **Downloadable Transcript URL**
      - The URL for a non-.srt version of the transcript file posted on the **Files & Uploads** page or on the Internet. Students see a link to download the non-.srt transcript below the video. 

        .. note:: When you add a transcript to this field, only the transcript that you add is available for download. The .srt and .txt transcripts become unavailable. If you want to provide a downloadable transcript in a format other than .srt, we recommend that you upload a handout for students by using the **Upload Handout** field. For more information, see :ref:`Additional Transcripts`.

    * - **Show Transcript**
      - Specifies whether the transcript plays along with the video by default.
    * - **Transcript Languages**
      - The transcript files for any additional languages. For more information, see :ref:`Transcripts in Additional Languages`.
    * - **Upload Handout**
      - Allows you to upload a handout to accompany this video. Your handout can be in any format. Students can download the handout by clicking **Download Handout** under the video.
    * - **Video Download Allowed**
      - Specifies whether students can download versions of this video in different formats if they cannot use the edX video player or do not have access to YouTube. If you set this value to **True**, you must add at least one non-YouTube URL in the **Video File URLs** field. 
    * - **Video File URLs**
      - The URL or URLs where you've posted non-YouTube versions of the video. Every URL should end in .mpeg, .webm, .mp4, or .ogg and cannot be a YouTube URL. Each student will be able to view the first listed video that's compatible with the student's computer. To allow students to download these videos, you must set **Video Download Allowed** to **True**.

        .. note:: To help make sure all standard browsers can play your video, we **strongly** recommend that you use the .mp4 or .webm format.

    * - **Video Start Time**
      - The time you want the video to start if you don't want the entire video to play. Formatted as HH:MM:SS. The maximum value is 23:59:59.
    * - **Video Stop Time**
      - The time you want the video to stop if you don't want the entire video to play. Formatted as HH:MM:SS. The maximum value is 23:59:59.
    * - **YouTube ID, YouTube ID for .75x speed, YouTube ID for 1.25x speed, YouTube ID for 1.5x speed**
      - If you have uploaded separate videos to YouTube for different speeds of your video, enter the YouTube IDs for these videos in these fields. These settings are optional, for older browsers.

.. _Additional Transcripts:

**********************
Additional Transcripts
**********************

By default, a .txt file is created when you upload an .srt file, and students can download an .srt or .txt transcript when you set **Download Transcript Allowed** to **True**. The **Download Transcript** button appears below the video, and students see the .srt and .txt options when they hover over the button.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-txt.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt and txt transcript download options

If you want to provide a downloadable transcript in a format such as .pdf along with the .srt and .txt transcripts, we recommend that you use the **Upload Handout** field. When you do this, a **Download Handout** button appears to the right of the **Download Transcript** button, and students can download the .srt, .txt, or handout version of the transcript.

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_srt-handout.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing srt, txt, and handout transcript download options

To add a downloadable transcript by using the **Upload Handout** field:

#. Create or obtain your transcript as a .pdf or in another format.
#. In the Video component, click the **Advanced** tab.
#. Locate **Upload Handout**, and then click **Upload**.
#. In the **Upload File** dialog box, click **Choose File**.
#. In the dialog box, select the file on your computer, and then click **Open**.
#. In the **Upload File** dialog box, click **Upload**.


Before Studio added the **Upload Handout** feature, some courses posted transcript files on the **Files & Uploads** page or on the Internet, and then added a link to those files in the Video component. **We no longer recommend this method.**  When you use this method, the **Download Transcript** button appears, but only the transcript that you add is available for download. The .srt and .txt transcripts become unavailable. 

.. image:: /Images/Video_DownTrans_other.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: Video status bar showing Download Transcript button without srt and txt options

If you want to use this method, you can post your transcript online, and then add the URL to the transcript in the **Downloadable Transcript URL** field. However, bear in mind that students will not be able to download .srt or .txt transcripts.

.. _Transcripts in Additional Languages:

====================================
Transcripts in Additional Languages
====================================

You can provide transcripts for your video in other languages. To do this,
you'll work with a third-party service to obtain an .srt transcript file for
each language, and then associate the .srt file with the video in Studio.

#. After you've obtained the .srt files for additional languages, open the Video component for the video.

#. On the **Advanced** tab, scroll down to **Transcript Translations**, and then
   click **Add**. 

#. In the drop-down list that appears, select the language for the transcript that you want to add. 

   An **Upload** button appears below the language.

#. Click **Upload**, browse to the .srt file for the language that you want, and then click **Open**.

#. In the **Upload translation** dialog box, click **Upload**.

#. Repeat steps 2 - 5 for any additional languages. 

.. note:: Make sure that all your transcript file names are unique to each video
 and language. If you use the same transcript name in more than one Video
 component, the same transcript will play for each video. To avoid this
 problem, you could name your foreign language transcript files according to
 the video's file name and the transcript language.

 For example, you have two videos, named video1.mp4 and video2.mp4. Each video has a Russian transcript and a Spanish transcript. You can name the transcripts for the first video video1_RU.srt and video1_ES.srt, and name the transcripts for the second video video2_RU.srt and video2_ES.srt.

When your students view the video, they can click the **CC** button at the bottom of the video player to select a language.

.. image:: ../Images/Video_LanguageTranscripts_LMS.png
   :alt: Video playing with language options visible

.. _Steps for sjson files:

**********************
Steps for .sjson Files
**********************

If your course uses .sjson files, you'll upload the .sjson file for the video to
the **Files & Uploads** page, and then specify the name of the .sjson file in
the Video component.

.. note:: Only older courses that have used .sjson files in the past should use
 .sjson files. All new courses should use .srt files.

#. Obtain the .sjson file from a media company such as 3Play.
#. Change the name of the .sjson file to use the following format:
   
   ``subs_FILENAME.srt.sjson``
   
   For example, if the name of your video is **Lecture1a**, the name of your
   .sjson file must be **subs_Lecture1a.srt.sjson**.
#. Upload the .sjson file for your video to the **Files & Uploads** page.
#. Create a new video component.
#. On the **Basic** tab, enter the name that you want students to see in the
   **Component Display Name** field.
#. In the **Video URL** field, enter the URL of the video. For example, the URL
   may resemble one of the following.

   ::
   
      http://youtu.be/OEoXaMPEzfM
      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEoXaMPEzfM
      https://s3.amazonaws.com/edx-course-videos/edx-edx101/EDXSPCPJSP13-G030300.mp4

#. Click the **Advanced** tab.
#. In the **Default Timed Transcript** field, enter the file name of your video. Do
   not include `subs_` or `.sjson`. For the example in step 2, you would only
   enter **Lecture1a**.
#. Set the other options that you want.
#. Click **Save**.
