docs/course_authors/source/tools.rst, before:

.. _Tools:


#############################
Working with Tools
#############################

***************************
Overview of Tools in Studio
***************************

In addition to text, images, and different types of problems, Studio allows you
to add customized learning tools such as word clouds to your course.

- :ref:`LTI Component`: LTI components allow you to add an external learning application
  or textbook to Studio.
- :ref:`Word Cloud`: Word clouds arrange text that students enter - for example, in
  response to a question - into a colorful graphic that students can see.
- :ref:`Zooming image`: Zooming images allow you to enlarge sections of an image so
  that students can see the section in detail.


.. _LTI Component:

**************
LTI Components
**************

You may have discovered or developed an external learning application
that you want to add to your online course. Or, you may have a digital
copy of your textbook that uses a format other than PDF. You can add
external learning applications or textbooks to Studio by using a
Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) component. The LTI component is
based on the `IMS Global Learning Tools
Interoperability <http://www.imsglobal.org/LTI/v1p1p1/ltiIMGv1p1p1.html>`_
version 1.1.1 specifications.

You can use an LTI component in two ways.

-  You can add external LTI content that is displayed only, such as
   textbook content that doesn’t require a student response.
-  You can add external LTI content that requires a student response. An
   external provider will grade student responses.

Before you create an LTI component from an external LTI provider in a
unit, you need the following information.

-  The **LTI ID**. This is a value that you create to refer to the external LTI
   provider. You should create an LTI ID that you can remember easily.

   The LTI ID can contain uppercase and lowercase alphanumeric
   characters, as well as underscore characters (_). It can contain any
   number of characters. For example, you may create an LTI ID that is
   as simple as **test_lti_id**, or your LTI ID may be a string of
   numbers and letters such as  **id_21441** or
   **book_lti_provider_from_new_york**.
-  The **client key**. This value is a sequence of characters that you
   obtain from the LTI provider. The client key is used for
   authentication and can contain any number of characters. For example,
   your client key may be **b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu**.
-  The **client secret**. This value is a sequence of characters that
   you obtain from the LTI provider. The client secret is used for
   authentication and can contain any number of characters. For example,
   your client secret may be something as simple as **secret**, or it
   may be a string of numbers and letters such as **23746387264** or
   **yt4984yr8**.
-  The **launch URL** (if the LTI component requires a student response
   that will be graded). You obtain the launch URL from the LTI
   provider. The launch URL is the URL that Studio sends to the external
   LTI provider so that the provider can send back students’ grades.

Create an LTI Component
-----------------------

Creating an LTI component in your course has three steps.

#. Add LTI to the **advanced_modules** policy key.
#. Register the LTI provider.
#. Create the LTI component in an individual unit.

Step 1. Add LTI to the Advanced Modules Policy Key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. On the **Settings** menu, click **Advanced Settings**.
#. On the **Advanced Settings** page, locate the **Manual Policy
   Definition** section, and then locate the **advanced_modules**
   policy key (this key is at the top of the list).

   .. image:: Images/AdvancedModulesEmpty.gif

#. Under **Policy Value**, place your cursor between the brackets, and
   then enter **“lti”**. Make sure to include the quotation marks, but
   not the period.

   .. image:: Images/LTI_Policy_Key.gif

   **Note** If the **Policy Value** field already contains text, place your
   cursor directly after the closing quotation mark for the final item, and
   then enter a comma followed by **“lti”** (make sure that you include the
   quotation marks).

#. At the bottom of the page, click **Save Changes**.

The page refreshes automatically. At the top of the page,
you see a notification that your changes have been saved.

Step 2. Register the External LTI Provider
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To regiser the external LTI provider, you’ll add the LIT ID, the client
key, and the client secret in the **lti_passports** policy key.

#. On the **Advanced Settings** page, locate the **lti_passports**
   policy key.

#. Under **Policy Value**, place your cursor between the brackets, and
   then enter the LTI ID, client key, and client secret in the following
   format (make sure to include the quotation marks and the colons).

   ::

      “lti_id:client_key:client_secret”

   For example, the value in the **lti_passports** field may be the following.

   ::

      “test_lti_id:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu:secret”

   If you have multiple LTI providers, separate the values with a comma.
   Make sure to surround each entry with quotation marks.

   ::

      "test_lti_id:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu:secret",
      "id_21441:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.school.edu:23746387264",
      "book_lti_provider_from_new_york:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.company.com:yt4984yr8"


#. At the bottom of the page, click **Save Changes**.

The page refreshes automatically. At the top of the page,
you see a notification that your changes have been saved, and you can
see your entries in the **lti_passports** policy key.

Step 3. Add the LTI Component to a Unit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. In the unit where you want to create the problem, click **Advanced**
   under **Add New Component**, and then click **LTI**.
#. In the component that appears, click **Edit**.
#. In the component editor, set the options that you want. See the table
   below for a description of each option.
#. Click **Save**.

  .. list-table::
     :widths: 10 80
     :header-rows: 1

     * - `Setting`
       - Description
     * - `Display Name`
       - Specifies the name of the problem. This name appears above the problem and in
         the course ribbon at the top of the page in the courseware.
     * - `custom_parameters`
       - Enables you to add one or more custom parameters. For example, if you've added an
         e-book, a custom parameter may include the page that your e-book should open to.
         You could also use a custom parameter to set the background color of the LTI component.

         Every custom parameter has a key and a value. You must add the key and value in the following format.

         ::

            key=value

         For example, a custom parameter may resemble the following.

         ::

            bgcolor=red

            page=144

         To add a custom parameter, click **Add**.
     * - `graded`
       - Indicates whether the grade for the problem counts towards student's total grade. By
         default, this value is set to **False**.
     * - `has_score`
       - Specifies whether the problem has a numerical score. By default, this value
         is set to **False**.
     * - `launch_url`
       - Lists the URL that Studio sends to the external LTI provider so that the provider
         can send back students' grades. This setting is only used if **graded** is set to
         **True**.
     * - `lti_id`
       - Specifies the LTI ID for the external LTI provider. This value must be the same
         LTI ID that you entered on the **Advanced Settings** page.
     * - `open_in_a_new_page`
       - Indicates whether the problem opens in a new page. If you set this value to **True**,
         the student clicks a link that opens the LTI content in a new window. If you set
         this value to **False**, the LTI content opens in an IFrame in the current page.
     * - `weight`
       - Specifies the number of points possible for the problem. By default, if an
         external LTI provider grades the problem, the problem is worth 1 point, and
         a student’s score can be any value between 0 and 1.

         For more information about problem weights and computing point scores, see :ref:`Problem Weight`.

.. _Word Cloud:

**********
Word Cloud
**********


In a word cloud exercise, students enter words into a field in response
to a question or prompt. The words all the students have entered then
appear instantly as a colorful graphic, with the most popular responses
appearing largest. The graphic becomes larger as more students answer.
Students can both see the way their peers have answered and contribute
their thoughts to the group.


For example, the following word cloud was created from students'
responses to a question in a HarvardX course.

.. image:: Images/WordCloudExample.gif

Create a Word Cloud Exercise
----------------------------

To create a word cloud exercise:


#. Add the Word Cloud advanced component. To do this, add the
   "word_cloud" key value to the **Advanced Settings** page. (For more
   information, see the instructions in :ref:`Specialized Problems`.)
#. In the unit where you want to create the problem, click **Advanced**
   under **Add New Component**.
#. In the list of problem types, click **Word Cloud**.
#. In the component that appears, click **Edit**.
#. In the component editor, specify the settings that you want. You can
   leave the default value for everything except **Display Name**.


   -  **Display Name**: The name that appears in the course ribbon and
      as a heading above the problem.
   -  **Inputs**: The number of text boxes into which students can enter
      words, phrases, or sentences.
   -  **Maximum Words**: The maximum number of words that the word cloud
      displays. If students enter 300 different words but the maximum is
      set to 250, only the 250 most commonly entered words appear in the
      word cloud.
   -  **Show Percents**: The number of times that students have entered
      a given word as a percentage of all words entered appears near
      that word.


#. Click **Save**.


For more information, see `Xml Format of "Word Cloud" Module
<https://edx.readthedocs.org/en/latest/course_data_formats/word_cloud/word_cloud.html#>`_.

.. _Zooming Image:

******************
Zooming Image Tool
******************

Some edX courses use extremely large, extremely detailed graphics. To make it
easier to understand we can offer two versions of those graphics, with the zoomed
section showing when you click on the main view.

The example below is from 7.00x: Introduction to Biology and shows a subset of the
biochemical reactions that cells carry out.

.. image:: Images/Zooming_Image.gif

Create a Zooming Image Tool
---------------------------

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **html**, and then click **Zooming Image**.

#. In the empty component that appears, click **Edit**.

#. When the component editor opens, replace the example content with your own content.

#. Click **Save** to save the HTML component.

Commit message:

Documentation accessibility
Alt tags added to for all images. For STUD-1041

docs/course_authors/source/tools.rst, after:

.. _Tools:


#############################
Working with Tools
#############################

***************************
Overview of Tools in Studio
***************************

In addition to text, images, and different types of problems, Studio allows you
to add customized learning tools such as word clouds to your course.

- :ref:`LTI Component`: LTI components allow you to add an external learning application
  or textbook to Studio.
- :ref:`Word Cloud`: Word clouds arrange text that students enter - for example, in
  response to a question - into a colorful graphic that students can see.
- :ref:`Zooming image`: Zooming images allow you to enlarge sections of an image so
  that students can see the section in detail.


.. _LTI Component:

**************
LTI Components
**************

You may have discovered or developed an external learning application
that you want to add to your online course. Or, you may have a digital
copy of your textbook that uses a format other than PDF. You can add
external learning applications or textbooks to Studio by using a
Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) component. The LTI component is
based on the `IMS Global Learning Tools
Interoperability <http://www.imsglobal.org/LTI/v1p1p1/ltiIMGv1p1p1.html>`_
version 1.1.1 specifications.

You can use an LTI component in two ways.

-  You can add external LTI content that is displayed only, such as
   textbook content that doesn’t require a student response.
-  You can add external LTI content that requires a student response. An
   external provider will grade student responses.

Before you create an LTI component from an external LTI provider in a
unit, you need the following information.

-  The **LTI ID**. This is a value that you create to refer to the external LTI
   provider. You should create an LTI ID that you can remember easily.

   The LTI ID can contain uppercase and lowercase alphanumeric
   characters, as well as underscore characters (_). It can contain any
   number of characters. For example, you may create an LTI ID that is
   as simple as **test_lti_id**, or your LTI ID may be a string of
   numbers and letters such as  **id_21441** or
   **book_lti_provider_from_new_york**.
-  The **client key**. This value is a sequence of characters that you
   obtain from the LTI provider. The client key is used for
   authentication and can contain any number of characters. For example,
   your client key may be **b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu**.
-  The **client secret**. This value is a sequence of characters that
   you obtain from the LTI provider. The client secret is used for
   authentication and can contain any number of characters. For example,
   your client secret may be something as simple as **secret**, or it
   may be a string of numbers and letters such as **23746387264** or
   **yt4984yr8**.
-  The **launch URL** (if the LTI component requires a student response
   that will be graded). You obtain the launch URL from the LTI
   provider. The launch URL is the URL that Studio sends to the external
   LTI provider so that the provider can send back students’ grades.

Create an LTI Component
-----------------------

Creating an LTI component in your course has three steps.

#. Add LTI to the **advanced_modules** policy key.
#. Register the LTI provider.
#. Create the LTI component in an individual unit.

Step 1. Add LTI to the Advanced Modules Policy Key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. On the **Settings** menu, click **Advanced Settings**.
#. On the **Advanced Settings** page, locate the **Manual Policy
   Definition** section, and then locate the **advanced_modules**
   policy key (this key is at the top of the list).

   .. image:: Images/AdvancedModulesEmpty.gif
    :alt: Image of the advanced_modules key in the Advanced Settings page

#. Under **Policy Value**, place your cursor between the brackets, and
   then enter **“lti”**. Make sure to include the quotation marks, but
   not the period.

   .. image:: Images/LTI_Policy_Key.gif
    :alt: Image of the advanced_modules key in the Advanced Settings page, with the lti value added

   **Note** If the **Policy Value** field already contains text, place your
   cursor directly after the closing quotation mark for the final item, and
   then enter a comma followed by **“lti”** (make sure that you include the
   quotation marks).

#. At the bottom of the page, click **Save Changes**.

The page refreshes automatically. At the top of the page,
you see a notification that your changes have been saved.

Step 2. Register the External LTI Provider
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To regiser the external LTI provider, you’ll add the LIT ID, the client
key, and the client secret in the **lti_passports** policy key.

#. On the **Advanced Settings** page, locate the **lti_passports**
   policy key.

#. Under **Policy Value**, place your cursor between the brackets, and
   then enter the LTI ID, client key, and client secret in the following
   format (make sure to include the quotation marks and the colons).

   ::

      “lti_id:client_key:client_secret”

   For example, the value in the **lti_passports** field may be the following.

   ::

      “test_lti_id:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu:secret”

   If you have multiple LTI providers, separate the values with a comma.
   Make sure to surround each entry with quotation marks.

   ::

      "test_lti_id:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.umich.edu:secret",
      "id_21441:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.school.edu:23746387264",
      "book_lti_provider_from_new_york:b289378-f88d-2929-ctools.company.com:yt4984yr8"


#. At the bottom of the page, click **Save Changes**.

The page refreshes automatically. At the top of the page,
you see a notification that your changes have been saved, and you can
see your entries in the **lti_passports** policy key.

Step 3. Add the LTI Component to a Unit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. In the unit where you want to create the problem, click **Advanced**
   under **Add New Component**, and then click **LTI**.
#. In the component that appears, click **Edit**.
#. In the component editor, set the options that you want. See the table
   below for a description of each option.
#. Click **Save**.

  .. list-table::
     :widths: 10 80
     :header-rows: 1

     * - `Setting`
       - Description
     * - `Display Name`
       - Specifies the name of the problem. This name appears above the problem and in
         the course ribbon at the top of the page in the courseware.
     * - `custom_parameters`
       - Enables you to add one or more custom parameters. For example, if you've added an
         e-book, a custom parameter may include the page that your e-book should open to.
         You could also use a custom parameter to set the background color of the LTI component.

         Every custom parameter has a key and a value. You must add the key and value in the following format.

         ::

            key=value

         For example, a custom parameter may resemble the following.

         ::

            bgcolor=red

            page=144

         To add a custom parameter, click **Add**.
     * - `graded`
       - Indicates whether the grade for the problem counts towards student's total grade. By
         default, this value is set to **False**.
     * - `has_score`
       - Specifies whether the problem has a numerical score. By default, this value
         is set to **False**.
     * - `launch_url`
       - Lists the URL that Studio sends to the external LTI provider so that the provider
         can send back students' grades. This setting is only used if **graded** is set to
         **True**.
     * - `lti_id`
       - Specifies the LTI ID for the external LTI provider. This value must be the same
         LTI ID that you entered on the **Advanced Settings** page.
     * - `open_in_a_new_page`
       - Indicates whether the problem opens in a new page. If you set this value to **True**,
         the student clicks a link that opens the LTI content in a new window. If you set
         this value to **False**, the LTI content opens in an IFrame in the current page.
     * - `weight`
       - Specifies the number of points possible for the problem. By default, if an
         external LTI provider grades the problem, the problem is worth 1 point, and
         a student’s score can be any value between 0 and 1.

         For more information about problem weights and computing point scores, see :ref:`Problem Weight`.

.. _Word Cloud:

**********
Word Cloud
**********


In a word cloud exercise, students enter words into a field in response
to a question or prompt. The words all the students have entered then
appear instantly as a colorful graphic, with the most popular responses
appearing largest. The graphic becomes larger as more students answer.
Students can both see the way their peers have answered and contribute
their thoughts to the group.


For example, the following word cloud was created from students'
responses to a question in a HarvardX course.

.. image:: Images/WordCloudExample.gif
  :alt: Image of a word cloud problem

Create a Word Cloud Exercise
----------------------------

To create a word cloud exercise:


#. Add the Word Cloud advanced component. To do this, add the
   "word_cloud" key value to the **Advanced Settings** page. (For more
   information, see the instructions in :ref:`Specialized Problems`.)
#. In the unit where you want to create the problem, click **Advanced**
   under **Add New Component**.
#. In the list of problem types, click **Word Cloud**.
#. In the component that appears, click **Edit**.
#. In the component editor, specify the settings that you want. You can
   leave the default value for everything except **Display Name**.


   -  **Display Name**: The name that appears in the course ribbon and
      as a heading above the problem.
   -  **Inputs**: The number of text boxes into which students can enter
      words, phrases, or sentences.
   -  **Maximum Words**: The maximum number of words that the word cloud
      displays. If students enter 300 different words but the maximum is
      set to 250, only the 250 most commonly entered words appear in the
      word cloud.
   -  **Show Percents**: The number of times that students have entered
      a given word as a percentage of all words entered appears near
      that word.


#. Click **Save**.


For more information, see `Xml Format of "Word Cloud" Module
<https://edx.readthedocs.org/en/latest/course_data_formats/word_cloud/word_cloud.html#>`_.

.. _Zooming Image:

******************
Zooming Image Tool
******************

Some edX courses use extremely large, extremely detailed graphics. To make it
easier to understand we can offer two versions of those graphics, with the zoomed
section showing when you click on the main view.

The example below is from 7.00x: Introduction to Biology and shows a subset of the
biochemical reactions that cells carry out.

.. image:: Images/Zooming_Image.gif
  :alt: Image of a zooming image

Create a Zooming Image Tool
---------------------------

#. Under **Add New Component**, click **html**, and then click **Zooming Image**.

#. In the empty component that appears, click **Edit**.

#. When the component editor opens, replace the example content with your own content.

#. Click **Save** to save the HTML component.
