###################################
January 23, 2014
###################################

You can now access the public edX roadmap_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

.. _roadmap: https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/OpenEdX+Public+Product+Roadmap


*************
edX Studio
*************

New documentation, *Building a Course with edX Studio*, is available online_. You can also download the new guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

.. _online: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/


==========================
Changes and Updates
==========================

* You can now use single quotation marks in option response answers without escaping, when the single quotation mark is between two alphabet characters.  (LMS-2031)


***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************



* A problem that caused the dashboard to not load if there were unicode or space characters in the course image has been fixed. (LMS-2073, STUD-1197)

* For numerical response problems, students can now enter negative exponents in the same ways they can enter positive exponents.  For example, students can enter ``4.9e-9`` or ``4.9*10^-9``. (BLD-434)

* For string response questions, students can now enter regex expressions as answers. (BLD-475)

* (BLD-529)


***************************************
Discussions
***************************************

* The Discussion search field now expands when it gets focus through the keyboard. (FOR-203)

***************************************
Open Response Assessments
***************************************

* (ORA-254)