###################################
February 12, 2014
###################################

You can now access the public edX roadmap_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

.. _roadmap: https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap


New documentation, *Building a Course with edX Studio*, is available online_. You can also download the new guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

.. _online: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/

Recent documentation additions include:

* `Set the Advertised Start Date <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_new_course.html#set-the-advertised-start-date>`_
* `Full Screen Image <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/tools.html#full-screen-image>`_


*************
edX Studio
*************


* The improved layout of components in a unit page now includes visual separation of the header, making clear that the display name for each component is not rendered to students.

* The new Full Screen Image tool allows students to enlarge an image, so they can see all the detail in context. You can create a full screen image with a new HTML component template. For more information, see the `updated documentation <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/tools.html#full-screen-image>`_.

* If you do not change the default course start date (01/01/2030), and the advertised_start policy value is null, then the student dashboard does not now list a start date for the course. Students just see that the course has not yet started. For more information, see the `updated documentation <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_new_course.html#set-the-advertised-start-date>`_.


***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************


===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* Unnecessary section tags were removed from the student's view of the courseware, so they are no longer announced by screen readers.

* Extraneous title blocks were removed from breadcrumbs, so they are no longer read by screen readers.

* In the student Progress tab, ordered list tags (<ol>) were replaced with <div> tags, to improve how screen readers interpret the screen.

* IDs were added to parts of the course navigation where they were missing, making it easier to skip parts of the course when using a screen reader.

* Updates to unit pages now make navigation more accessible to screen readers.

* Modal dialog boxes and script templates are now hidden from screen readers. 

* Mathjax messages that are specific to Internet Explorer are no longer shown when students are using a different browser.

* Alt text was added to the course footer logo.

* The character set meta tag was added to the main course template.

* The DOCTYPE declaration was added to the top of the main course template.	



***************************************
Discussions
***************************************

* The **Add a Response** button no longer appears in forum threads when students are not allowed to respond. (FOR-452)

