###################################
March 4, 2014
###################################

You can access the public edX roadmap_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

.. _roadmap: https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap


Course staff documentation, *Building a Course with edX Studio*, is available online_. You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

.. _online: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/

Recent changes to *Building a Course with edX Studio* include:

* `Staff Debug Info <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/staff_debug_info.html>`_ 

* Updates to `Add Files to a Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_new_course.html#add-files-to-a-course>`_

Recent changes to *edX Data Formats* include:

* `Tracking Logs <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/tracking_logs.html>`_ 




*************
edX Studio
*************

* A problem that caused escaped HTML characters to be displayed incorrectly on the Course Updates page is resolved. (STUD-154)

* A problem that prevented course staff from posting in discussions when a course was deleted and recreated is resolved. (STUD-1140)

* A problem that caused the first line of an HTML component to be partially cut off in the unit page is resolved. (STUD-1380)

* The Files & Uploads page now includes an external URL for each asset.  See `Add Files to a Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_new_course.html#add-files-to-a-course>`_ for more information.




***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* The edX registration form now validates that the Public Username field contains 30 or fewer characters, and that the E-mail field contains 75 or fewer characters. The user receives a message if the Public Username or E-mail values are too long. (LMS-1479)

* If a video is configured to start at a time other than 00:00:00, the video player now correctly starts the video at the specified start time after the video player is reset for any reason. (BLD-659)



===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* The layout of Course Updates is improved to use semantic tagging and not just simple lists, making the page more accessible to screen readers. (LMS-1724)

* A label is added to the checkbox problem template. 

* Confirmation dialog boxes for Open Response Assessments are now screen-reader accessible.


*************
Analytics
*************


* Problem check events now include the problem name, answer value, response type, input type, and annotations for randomized problems. (AN-587, AN-594)


*************
Discussions
*************

* Tooltips for pinning threads are updated so students do not see the tooltip when they cannot pin a thread, and course staff see the appropriate tooltip text. (FOR-192)