###################################
March 18, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of March 18, 2014.  See previoius pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course. <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include a reorganization of all content into the following sections:

  * `Getting Started <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/getting_started/index.html#getting-started-index>`_

  * `Building a Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/building_course/index.html#building-a-course-index>`_

  * `Creating Course Content <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/creating_content/index.html#creating-course-content-index>`_

  * `Working with Problems <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/index.html#working-with-problems-index>`_

  * `Releasing Your Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/index.html#releasing-your-course-index>`_

  * `Running Your Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/running_course/index.html#running-your-course-index>`_

  * `Information for Your Students <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/students/index.html#information-for-your-students-index>`_



* `edX Data Documentation <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

  Recent changes include:

  * `Certificate Data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/sql_schema.html#certificates>`_ 

*************
edX Studio
*************

* A/B tests configured in XML and imported into Studio can now be viewed in the course outline. (STUD-1403)

* In the HTML editor, when you entered a ``<style>`` element, the editor sometimes stopped responding. This problem is resolved. (STUD-1434) 


***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* Course staff could not re-score a problem in the standard Instructor Dashboard. This issue is resolved. (LMS-2327)

* In the Beta Instructor Dashboard, the button for listing enrolled students is now only enabled for courses with fewer than 200 students. (LMS-1203)

* In the Beta Instructor Dashboard, you can now use edX usernames as well as email addresses to set roles for course administrators. (LMS-1438)

* The student Progress page now works correctly for graded XBlocks. (LMS-2349)

* For MatLab problems, when the code exceeded the size of the entry field, the scroll bars stopped working. This problem is resolved. (LMS-2387)

* A problem that in certain situations caused the video transcript button to disappear when you changed the video speed is resolved. (BLD-915)

* Students using Firefox browsers were only able to select 1.0 as the video speed. Firefox users can now select all available speed options. (BLD-895)

***************************************
edX Analytics
***************************************

* A problem that prevented data exports of courses with Unicode characters in the organization name is resolved. (AN-657)


***************************************
edX Discussions
***************************************

* A problem that prevented students from viewing discussion components within a unit when cohorts were configured is resolved. (FOR-523)
