###################################
April 3, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
3, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-
wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course.
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download
  the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include:

  * Expanded the `Grade and Answer Data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/
    en/latest/running_course/course_grades.html>`_ chapter to include the new
    `Student Answer Distribution <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/late
    st/running_course/course_grades.html#review-answers>`_ section.

  * Updated the `Releasing Your Course
    <http://ca.readthedocs.org/en/latest/releasing_course/index.html#releasing-your-course-index>`_ section to include `Course Launching Activities <http://ca.readthedocs.org/en/latest/releasing_course/course_launching.html#launch>`_.

  * Updated the `Adding Pages to a Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/c
    a/en/latest/creating_content/pages.html#adding-pages-to-a-course>`_ chapter
    to reflect ability to `Show or Hide the Course Wiki Page <http://edx.readthe
    docs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/creating_content/pages.html#show-or-hide-the-
    course-wiki-page>`_.

  * Reorganized the sections `Building a Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/proj
    ects/ca/en/latest/building_course/index.html#building-a-course-index>`_ and
    `Creating Course Content <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/c
    reating_content/index.html#creating-course-content-index>`_ to better
    reflect the workflow of building a new course.


* `edX Data Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

  Recent changes include:

  *  Added the `Data Czar/Data Team Selection and Responsibilities <http://edx.r
     eadthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/data_czar.h
     tml>`_ chapter.

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

  Recent changes include:

  *  Added the `Custom JavaScript Display and Grading <http://edx.readthedocs.or
     g/projects/userdocs/en/latest/extending_platform/javascript.html>`_
     chapter.



*************
edX Studio
*************

* You can now choose to hide or show the Wiki in your course, by using a control
  in the list of course Pages.  For more information, see `Show or Hide the
  Course Wiki Page
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/creating_content/pages.html
  #show-or-hide-the-course-wiki-page>`_. (STUD-1375)

* A new IFrame template is now available as an option when you create a
  new HTML component. An IFrame allows you to integrate ungraded exercises and
  tools from any Internet site into the body of your course. The IFrame appears
  inside an HTML component, and the exercise or tool appears inside the IFrame.
  (BLD-678)

* You can now upload video transcripts for multiple languages. In the Video
  editor, open the **Advanced** tab. In the **Transcript Translations** section,
  select a language, then click **Upload** to select the transcript file from
  your computer.  Click **Add** and repeat this process for additional
  languages. (BLD-751)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* **Answer Distribution Report**

  A downloadable report of student answer distributions is now available from
  the Instructor Dashboard. This report includes one row for each problem-answer
  combination selected by students for problems of these types:

  * Checkboxes
  * Dropdown
  * Multiple choice
  * Numerical input
  * Text input
  * Math expression input

  The report is automatically generated on a periodic basis, so the most
  recently updated version of the report is available on the Instructor
  Dashboard. For more information, see `Student Answer Distribution
  <http://ca.readthedocs.org/en/latest/running_course/course_grades.html#review-
  answers>`_ . (AN-590)

* **Bulk Email for New Courses**

  .. note:: The bulk email feature is in limited release, and is available for
   new courses only. A gradual rollout of this feature is planned for 2014.

  Using this feature, you can send email messages to course participants
  directly from the Instructor Dashboard, before, during, and after the course
  run. A history report of all email messages sent for your course is available.
  It includes the username of the sender, the recipients, the date and time
  sent, and the task status. For more information, see `Course Launching
  Activities <http://ca.readthedocs.org/en/latest/releasing_course/course_launch
  ing.html#launch>`_ . (LMS-1035)
