###################################
April 16, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
16, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can now access the `edX Status <http://status.edx.org/>`_ page to get an up-
to-date status for all services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes
the Twitter feed for @edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post
updates.

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-
wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course.
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download
  the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * In support of new features, added the following sections to `Multiple Choice <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#multiple-choice>`_ problems:
    
    * `Shuffle Answers in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#shuffle-answers-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
    * `Targeted Feedback in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#targeted-feedback-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
    * `Answer Pools in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#answer-pools-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
      
  * Expanded the `Grade and Answer Data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/running_course/course_grades.html#grades>`_ section to include a topic on interpreting the Student Answer Distribution report.

* `edX Data Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_


*************
edX Studio
*************

* **Multiple Choice Problem Enhancements**

  Multiple choice problems now support shuffling answers, providing targeted
  feedback, and answer pools. See the following documentation for more
  information:

  * `Shuffle Answers in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#shuffle-answers-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
  * `Targeted Feedback in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#targeted-feedback-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
  * `Answer Pools in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#answer-pools-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_

* When you import a large course, your browser may time out while the course is
  being imported.  In this situation, the following message is now displayed on
  the Import page: *Your browser has timed out but the server is still
  processing your import. Please wait 5 min and verify that the new content has
  appeared*. (STUD-1283)

* In Studio, the Discussion component is updated with the following text: *To
  view live discussions, click Preview or View Live in Unit Settings*. (FOR-429)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* When you enrolled students in a course on edx.org and sent a notification
  email message, the message included an invalid link to the course. This
  problem is now resolved. (LMS-2217)

* The video player now only shows the HD button when an HD video option is
  available. (BLD-937)

===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* The PDF viewer used for textbooks was updated and is now accessible to screen
  readers. (LMS-2276)
