###################################
April 23, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
23, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-
to-date status for all services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes
the Twitter feed for @edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post
updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated `Testing Your Course`_ to include a section on how to `Switch Between Studio and Your Live Course`_.

  * Updated `Transcripts in Additional Languages`_ in `Working with Video Components`_.

  * In `Discussions`_, corrected the steps to Create Discussion Categories.

  * Updated the `Bulk Email`_ section with information about the dashboard option to opt out of course email.

  * Updated the `Enrollment`_ section to reflect feature changes.
      

* `edX Research Guide`_

* `edX Developer's Guide`_


*************
edX Studio
*************

* A problem in the HTML editor that caused custom JavaScript and CSS code to be
  corrupted when you saved an HTML component is now resolved. (STUD-1560)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* This release includes several enhancements to the Beta Instructor Dashboard:
  
  * You can now enter either a username or an email address to batch add 
    and enroll beta testers and students.
  * The Auto Enroll option is now available when you add beta testers in batch.
  * For the Batch Enrollment and the Batch Add Beta Testers features, the Auto
    Enroll and Notify students by email options are now selected by default.

* A problem that prevented MathJax from being displayed properly when the
  problem answer was shown is now resolved. (BLD-993)




.. include:: links.rst