###################################
May 12, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of May 12, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated `Drag and Drop Problem`_ information.
  
  * Updated the `Discussions`_ chapter to include a topic on closing
    discussions.
  
  * Expanded the `Grade and Answer Data`_ chapter to include a topic on
    interpreting the score histograms for problems.

  * Added documentation for the `IFrame Tool`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include: 
  
  * Corrected misstatement on how `Discussion Forums Data`_ is sent in data
    packages.

  * Added enrollment events to `Tracking Logs`_.
    
  * Removed obsolete information about XML formats for problems.
  

* `edX Developer's Guide`_
  
  
* `edX XBlock Documentation`_



*************
edX Studio
*************

* In certain rare situations, users were not able to edit a draft unit without
  making it Private. This problem is resolved. (STUD-1485, STUD-1499)

* When you created problems with two inputs, the label for the second input was
  not preserved in the Advanced Editor. This problem is resolved. (STUD-1524)


***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* Students registered for an honor code certificate now see their registration
  track on the Dashboard. (LMS-1071)

.. include:: links.rst