###################################
May 15, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of May 15, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated the `Running Your Course`_ chapter to remove references to the “new
    beta” Instructor Dashboard.

  * Updated `Enrollment`_ section to reflect that usernames or email
    addresses can be used to batch enroll students.

  * Updated `Grade and Answer Data`_ section to include new features in
    the problem **Staff Debug** viewer for rescoring, resetting attempts, and
    deleting state for a specified student.

  * Updated `Staffing`_ section to explain the labeling differences
    between Studio and the LMS with respect to course team roles.

  * Updated `Assign Discussion Administration Roles`_ section to include a note
    about course staff requiring explicit granting of discussion administration
    roles.

  * Added the `VitalSource E-Reader Tool`_ section.
    
  * Updated  `Add Files to a Course`_ section to include warnings about
    file size.

  * Updated the `LTI Component`_ section to reflect new settings.


* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  Updated `Tracking Logs`_ section to include events for course
  enrollment activities: ``edx.course.enrollment.activated`` and
  ``edx.course.enrollment.deactivated``.
  

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

   Recent changes include: 

   Added an `Analytics`_ section for developers.
  
  
* `edX XBlock Documentation`_



*************
edX Studio
*************

* A problem that prevented you from hiding the Wiki in the list of Pages when
  using Firefox is resolved. (STUD-1581)

* A problem that prevented you from importing a course created on edx.org into
  edX Edge is resolved. (STUD-1599)

* All text in the Video component UI has been updated for clarity. (DOC-206)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* The Instructor Dashboard that appears to course teams by default in the
  LMS has changed. The Instructor Dashboard that appears when you click
  **Instructor** is now the "New Beta" dashboard. The "Standard" dashboard
  remains available; a button click is required to access it. The two dashboard
  versions are also relabeled in this release. The version that was previously
  identified as the "New Beta Dashboard" is now labeled "Instructor Dashboard",
  and the version previously identified as the "Standard Dashboard" is now
  labeled "Legacy Dashboard". (LMS-1296)


* Previously, when a student clicked **Run Code** for a MatLab problem, the
  entire page was reloaded. This issue has been resolved so that now only the
  MatLab problem elements are reloaded. (LMS-2505)


****************
edX Analytics
****************

* There is a new event tracking API for instrumenting events to capture user
  actions and other point-in-time activities in Studio and the edX LMS. See
  `Analytics`_ for more information.

.. include:: links.rst