###################################
June 25, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of June
25, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we have updated the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

***************************************
edX Studio
***************************************

XBlocks that have been accepted into the edX platform can now be added to
courses as either advanced problems or advanced components. As a result, **Peer
Assessments** is now listed as a problem type on the **Advanced** tab in a
Problem component. For more information, see `Creating Peer Assessments`_.

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************
   
* In some courses, an error prevented the full output that is available from an
  external grader for a coding problem from appearing. This error has been
  corrected. (LMS-2852)

* In Discussions, you can now search by username to access a list of the
  discussion posts made by another user. (FOR-627)
  
.. ? https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/pull/4106 Video: fix seek tracking log

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  * Instructions for adding a table of contents for a video file are now
    available in the :ref:`TOC Transcripts` section.  (BLD-933)

  * The example report in the :ref:`View and download student data` section now
    includes the new User ID column.
       
* `edX Research Guide`_

* `edX Developer's Guide`_
 
* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

A Preface that identifies resources for course teams,  developers,
researchers, and students was added to `Building and Running an edX Course`_,
the `edX Research Guide`_, and the `edX Developer's Guide`_ this week.

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst