###################################
July 10, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of July
10,
2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we have updated the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

***************************************
edX Studio
***************************************

* In some situations, when you changed your browser's language to any language
  other than English, Studio did not save changes to video URLs in the Video
  component. This bug has been fixed.

* Every setting on the **Advanced Settings** page now has a user-friendly name
  and a description.

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************
   
* In Internet Explorer, an "Only secure content is displayed" security warning
  sometimes appeared in courseware. This bug has been fixed. (LMS-2892)

* When you selected a topic for a new post in the discussion forum, topic names
  in the discussion forum topic list sometimes appeared with unexpected
  formatting. This bug has been fixed. (FOR-578)

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated `The Course End Date`_ to specify when students can earn and access
    certificates.
       
* `edX Research Guide`_

  Recent changes include: 

  * In the `Tracking Logs`_ chapter, corrected an error in the description of
    the ``edx.forum.search`` event, updated the ``seek_video`` event, and added
    the ``stop_video`` event.

  * Added the `Keys and Credentials for Data Transfers`_ chapter.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst