###################################
September 25, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
September 25, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.


*******************************
edX Learning Management System
*******************************

* An issue in which the `char` function caused some MATLAB problems to become
  unresponsive has been fixed. (TNL-388)

* Answers to a text input problem with a long input string did not render
  properly. This issue is fixed. (TNL-441)

* Python-evaluated input problems can now give partial, or decimal, grades for
  submissions. (TNL-198)

* Full screen image components did not render correctly in Chrome. This issue
  is fixed. (TNL-265)



**************************
Coming Soon
**************************

We're pleased to announce the following upcoming changes:

* Course teams will soon be able to access data about their courses on a
  dedicated dashboard for course-specific data. By providing insights into who
  your students are, and what they do while interacting with your course, the
  data available on this dashboard can validate choices you’ve made, reveal
  unexpected patterns, and inform plans for changes to the course.

* EdX will soon release a fully supported cohorts feature that allows course
  teams and TAs to assign students to different cohorts in class discussions.
  Students in different cohorts will be able to see the discussions for their
  individual cohorts, but cannot see discussions for other cohorts. Course
  teams can also open some course discussions to all students.


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.


* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst