###################################
October 16, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
October 15, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

*******************************
edX Website
*******************************

* The student dashboard now lists courses sorted by when the student enrolled,
  with the most recent enrollments first. (ECOM-418)

* Students now receive a success message in the dashboard when they enroll in a
  course. (ECOM-403)

*******************************
edX Discussions
*******************************

* Forum moderators can now change the type of a discussion from a question to a
  post, and vice versa. Students can also change the type of discussion for
  their own posts. (TNL-172)

* The default type for a new discussion is now a post. Previously, the default
  was a question.

*************
edX Studio
*************

* The format to set dates in the Advanced Settings for discussion blackouts is
  clarified on the page. You must enter dates as **YYYY-MM-DD**. To include the
  time, you enter **YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM**. Be sure to enter the **T** between the
  date and time.

* The date and time on the **Schedule and Details** page are now shown as
  Universal Coordinated Times (UTC). (TNL-85)

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  * Documentation for the Vital Source E-Reader tool was removed as it is no
    longer supported in the edX Platform.

* `Using edX Insights`_

* `EdX Guide for Students`_

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added new student and instructor events relating to cohort use to the
    `Tracking Logs`_ chapter.

  * Added new event member fields for data emitted from mobile devices to the
    video events in the `Tracking Logs`_ chapter. 

  * Removed information about XML course formats. See the `edX Open Learning
    XML Guide`_ for information about building XML courses.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added alpha documentation for the `Graphical Slider Tool`_ and `Symbolic
    Response`_ to the `Problems and Tools`_ section.



**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst