###################################
October 23, 2013
###################################

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

* `edX Research Guide`_


* `edX Developer's Guide`_

.. include:: links.rst

*************
edX Studio
*************

=============
New Features
=============

* **Improved import experience** (STUD-595)

  When you import a course, the Import screen now provides real-time status updates. The Import screen tells you when the import is in the
  following stages:
  * Uploading
  * Unpacking
  * Verifying
  * Updated Course
  * Success (Complete)

* **Improved drag and drop experience in course outlines** (STUD-575)

  The ability to drag and drop sections, subsections, and units in the course outline is enhanced in the following ways:

  * The visual representation of where you are moving the course element to is improved, with a pointer and blue line indicating the
    new position.

  * You can more easily drag units from one subsection to another.

  * When you cancel a drop, the course element returns to its original position.

  * You can no longer drag a course element below the New Unit button, which was causing confusion. 

* **Text customization capability**

  You can now customize some of the UI text that your students see. You do this through the text_customization key in the Advanced
  Settings for the course. (However, edX recommends that you contact your Program Manager before you modify the text_customization key.) 

* **JavaScript loading performance**

  JavaScript loading is changed in ways that should improve the performance on some pages.
  Code contributors should note that JavaScript is now loaded through require.js.



==========================
Changes and Updates
==========================

The following changes are included in this release: 

* In a course outline, you can no longer drag and drop a unit below the New Unit button. (STUD-152)
 
* Course update content outside of HTML tags is no longer erroneously removed.(STUD-590)
 
* In a course outline, dragging a unit over the Units label no longer causes the unit to be removed. (STUD-755)
 
* Support text in the Assignment Types section of the Grading page is updated to clarify that you enter an integer, not a percent, in the W
  eight of Total Grade field. (STUD-771)
 
* Certain component errors no longer prevent the course from saving correctly. (STUD-786)
 
* When you delete a Discussion component, the discussion is completely removed from the course. (STUD-811, STUD-817) 

* When you are editing a course update, the update no longer disappears if you click outside of the Edit window. (STUD-822)
 
* When you enter the integer 7 in the Total Weight of Grade field, the value is no longer changed to a decimal. (STUD-826)


***************************************
edX Learning Management System 
***************************************

=============
New Features
=============

The following changes are included in this release: 

* **Fixed views in Internet Explorer 9.x**

  Problems with pages in Internet Explorer 9.x are resolved.

* **Disabled downloading data for large courses**

  For courses with over 200 students, downloading large data sets could fail. The Download Data button on the Instructor Dashboard is now
  temporarily disabled to avoid this problem. 

* **Improved Beta Instructor Dashboard**

  You can access the Beta Instructor Dashboard from the current Instructor Dashboard by clicking Try the New Beta Dashboard. The Beta
  version continued so evolve with a streamlined design and improved architecture. Both dashboards are currently available.

* **Improved video and transcript experience** (BLD-420)

  When you are playing a video with the transcript hidden, you can display the transcript by hovering the mouse pointer over the CC button. 
  You can then click a paragraph in the displayed transcript to move to that point in the video. When you move the pointer off the CC button,
  the transcript is hidden.

* **Improved Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI)** (BLD-330, BLD-347)
  
  You can now use multiple LTI tools per page. You can also have an LTI module load external content in a new window.


==========================
Changes and Updates
==========================

* The link to open and close the calculator has additional aria attributes for accessibility. (BLD-164)
 
* The Hints panel for the calculator is now accessible to screen readers. (BLD-165)
 
* Students can now download video subtitles. (BLD-245)
 
* Multi-speed video playback now works in Firefox browsers as expected. (BLD-287)
 
* Window resizing no longer cuts off videos. (BLD-289)
 
* Video HD control is now handicap accessible. (BLD-387)
 
* You can now export courses that have LTI modules. (BLD-389)
 
* A malformed custom parameter in an LTI component no longer permanently breaks the unit. (BLD-390)
 
* The styles and text for the download links for videos and transcripts are updated for clarity and accessibility. (BLD-403)
 
* The CC button in the video player now includes explanatory text that is accessible with a screen reader. (BLD-404)
 
* LTI with the Piazza platform now works as expected. (BLD-405)
 
* The **Close** button on dialog boxes is now defined as an HTML button and is accessible to screen readers. (LMS-582)


******************
Discussion Forums
******************

The following changes are included in this release: 

* The color contrast of the Report Misuse link is updated for accessibility. (FOR-200)
 
* The Report Misuse link now includes a tooltip that is accessible to screen readers. (FOR-201)
 
* The Report Misuse link is now included in the page tab order, for keyboard accessibility. (FOR-209)
