###################################
October 29, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
October 29, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

*******************************
edX Website
*******************************

* The student dashboard now shows the start time as well as the date for new
  courses. (TNL-567)


*******************************
edX Learning Management System 
*******************************

* In Firefox and Safari browsers, after a student changed the video speed,
  videos in other units still played at the default speed, 1.0X. This problem
  is fixed and videos in other units play at the selected speed. (TNL-537)


********************************************
edX Learning Management System Accessibility
********************************************

* For improved accessibility, the progress meter in the video player now has
  three additional aria state attributes: ``aria-valuemax``, ``aria-valuemin``,
  and ``aria-valuenow``. (TNL-89)

* The problem status after a student checks or shows an answer is now
  accessible to screen readers. (TNL-568, TNL-588, TNL-595)


*************
edX Studio
*************

* Course staff now have the ability to add a **Reset** button to problems.
  Students can click **Reset** to clear any input that has not yet been
  submitted, and try again to answer the question. See `Show Reset Button`_.


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  * Added the section `Show Reset Button`_ in `Problem Settings`_ and
    clarified Reset button behavior in `Problem Student View`_.

  * Fixed the code sample in `Script Tag Format`_ in the `Write-Your-Own-Grader`_ Problem chapter.

  * Fixed a bug in `Text Input Problem XML`_.
  
  * Added `Create a Randomized Custom Python-Evaluated Input Problem`_
  
  * Added note about limited support of annotation problem type to `Annotation
    Problem`_.

  * Updated `Set Important Dates for Your Course`_ to reflect change that
    course dates now use UTC.


* `Using edX Insights`_

* `EdX Guide for Students`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added the `Introduction`_ section.

  * Added the `Student Guide to Course Discussions`_ section.

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added best practices for passphrases to the `Keys and Credentials for Data
    Transfers`_ chapter.

  * Added examples of the format used to identify course components to the
    `Student Info and Progress Data`_ and `Tracking Logs`_ chapters.

  * Updated the ``child_render`` event to reflect the name change for the
    ``child_id`` member field. See `Tracking Logs`_.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added the section `Example of an OLX Course`_.
  
  * Added `Create a Randomized Custom Python-Evaluated Input Problem for OLX`_ 
    
  * Fixed the code sample in `Script Tag Format for OLX`_ in the `Write-Your-Own-Grader for OLX`_ chapter.



**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst