###################################
October 23, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
October 23, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

*******************************
edX Website
*******************************

Visitors to the `edx.org`_ website can now search for courses by name, school,
or subject. Search results can be further refined by selecting course
availability (for example, Current, Starting Soon, Archived) and type (for
example, Verified, High School, Professional Education).

*******************************
edX Course Discussion
*******************************

* When you enter a search term on the **Discussion** page, the search starts
  either when you click the magnifying glass icon or press the Enter key.
  Previously, only use of the Enter key started the search. (TNL-526)

* After you mark a response to a question post as the correct answer, a message
  that describes this action is added to the response. The hyperlinked username
  in this message now correctly opens a new page showing your contributions to
  the course discussion. (TNL-188)

*************
edX Studio
*************

* The protein builder tool now correctly uses font sizing set by user browser
  preferences. (TNL-256)
  
**************************
edX Data & Analytics
**************************

* For compatibility with database import tools, a field in the ``child_render``
  event was renamed. The ``event`` member field is now named ``child_id``
  instead of ``child-id``.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  Course authors can set both a course-wide **Maximum Attempts** value for
  all problem components and a **Maximum Attempts** value for each problem
  component added to the course. The interaction between these settings has
  been clarified.

* `Using edX Insights`_

* `EdX Guide for Students`_

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  Instructions for downloading the weekly tracking event log file have been
  removed. These log files are now available only daily.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Additional explanation in the `Problems and Tools`_ section.
  * Reorganization of the `Problems and Tools`_ and `Course Components
    (XBlocks)`_ sections.
  * Clarifications to how an OLX course is organized in the `OLX Course
    Structure`_ section.
  * Updates to the descriptions for embedding content in container objects for
    HTML, video, and discussion components in the `Course Components
    (XBlocks)`_ section.
.. comment for spacing only 

* `edX Platform API Version 0.5`_

  Alpha documentation for the edX platform API is now available.

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst