###################################
December 9, 2013
###################################

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

* `edX Research Guide`_


* `edX Developer's Guide`_

.. include:: links.rst

*************
edX Studio
*************

* You can now allow multiple strings as correct answers to text response problems. (BLD-474)

The following changes are included in this release: 

* If you entered invalid HTML in the Course Handouts, you were not able to edit the Course Handouts to fix the HTML. This problem is resolved (STUD-293)

* When you created a new video, you received a 500 error and could not import a timed transcript. This problem is resolved. (BLD-530)

* In Internet Explorer 9.x, when you locked and unlocked assets, the Save notification was not displayed. This problem is resolved. (STUD-815)

* In Firefox, when viewing a unit, you could not select and copy the unit identifier. This problem is resolved. (STUD-863)

* When you viewed problems within Studio, italics did not render properly. This problem is resolved. (STUD-963)


***************************************
edX Learning Management System 
***************************************


The following changes are included in this release: 

* All dialog boxes in the Wiki are now fully accessible to screen readers. (LMS-1337)

* The reset password function allowed others to determine valid usersnames. This problem is resolved. [DETAILS] (LMS-1507)

* If a user registered for a verified certificate, then switched to audit the course, the student
  remained listed as signed up for a verified certificate. This problem is resolved. (LMS-1526)
  
* In code response questions, the button to hide the output is now shown for each test case, so students do
  not need to scroll through all test cases to get to the button to hide all output. (BLD-126)
  
* The calculator tooltips now show all options for inputing numbers. (BLD-400)

* The video player now alerts screen readers when the video is over. (BLD-488)

* Numerical input problems now support mathematical operations. (BLD-525)

* The calculator tooltips are now fully accessible to screen readers. (BLD-533)

******************
Discussion Forums
******************

The following changes are included in this release: 

* An update to enhance accessibility was made so that when users load additional forum threads,
  focus remains on the loading element. (FOR-238)

