###################################
January 7, 2014
###################################

You can now access the public edX roadmap_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

.. _roadmap: https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/OpenEdX+Public+Product+Roadmap


*************
edX Studio
*************

New documentation, *Building a Course with edX Studio* is available online_. You can also download the new guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface. 

.. _online: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/

=============
New Features
=============

* The **Files & Uploads** page is updated to show a long list of files in multiple pages. Only 50 files are now shown on a page. If your course has more than 50 files, additional files are listed in separate pages. You can navigate to other pages through pagination controls at the top and bottom of the file list.  This change improves the page performance for courses with a large number of files.

  For more information, see the `updated documentation for adding files <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_new_course.html#add-files-to-a-course>`_. 

.. note::  The workaround previously included in release notes on :ref:`October 29 2013` is no longer needed and will no longer work.


* The **Course Outline** page is updated to include several design improvements. To view the changes, view your course in Studio or see the `updated documentation for Organizing Your Course Content <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/organizing_course.html>`_.

* A new JSInput Template is now available.  DOC LINK (BLD-523) (BLD-556)

* A new Zooming Image template is now available. DOC LINK (BLD-206)

==========================
Changes and Updates
==========================

* The Course Export now supports non-ASCII characters. (STUD-868)

* In the Course Outline, you can now drag a section to the end when the last section is collapsed. (STUD-879)

* In Video components, Start and End times are now displayed in the format you enter them and not converted to the standard format (HH:MM:SS) until you tab out of the field. (BLD-506)

* The **Save** button for JSInput components now works as expected. (BLD-568)



***************************************
edX Learning Management System 
***************************************

==========================
Changes and Updates
==========================

* In the Instructor Dashboard, an issue was fixed with downloading grade distributions. You can now download grade distributions for all courses. (LMS-811, LMS-922)

* In the course Wiki, the **Preview this Revision** and the **Merge selected with Current** dialog boxes are now keyboard accessible in Internet Explorer. (LMS-1539)

* An error in downloading student profile data is fixed. (LMS-1675)

* Students can now show the answer for Image Response problems. When a student clicks **Show Answer**, the part of the image that would have earned full credit is highlighted. (BLD-21)

* The video player controls now work on iPads. [DETAILS ABOUT IPHONE NATIVE CONTROLS?] (BLD-541)


