docs/en_us/course_authors/source/getting_started/glossary.rst, before:

.. _Glossary:

###################################################
Glossary
###################################################

.. _A:

****
A
****

.. _About Page:

**About Page**

  The course page that provides potential students with a course summary, prerequisites, a course video and image, and important dates.

  See :ref:`The Course Summary Page` for more information.

.. _Advanced Editor-g:
 
**Advanced Editor**

  An XML-only editor in a Problem component that allows you to can create and edit any type of problem. For more information, see :ref:`Advanced Editor`.




.. _Assignment Type:
 
**Assignment Type**

  The category of graded student work, such as homework, exams, and exercises.

  For more information, see :ref:`Establish a Grading Policy`.

.. _C:

****
C
****


.. _Certificate:
 
**Certificate**

  A document issued to a registered student who successfully completes a course. Not all edX courses offer certificates, and not all students register as certificate candidates.



.. _Checkbox Problem:
 
**Checkbox Problem**

  A problem that prompts the student to select one or more options from a list of possible answers. For more information, see :ref:`Checkbox`.


.. _Chemical Equation Response Problem:
 
**Chemical Equation Response Problem**

  A problem that allows the student to enter chemical equations as answers. For more information, see :ref:`Chemical Equation`.


.. _Circuit Schematic Builder Problem:
 
**Circuit Schematic Builder Problem**

  A problem that allows the student to construct a schematic answer (such as an electronics circuit) on an interactive grid.

  See :ref:`Circuit Schematic Builder` for more information.


.. _Cohort:
 
**Cohort**

  A group of students that participate in the class together. A cohort can have forum discussions apart from the rest of the students.


.. _Component_g:
 
**Component**

  The part of a unit that contains your actual course content. A unit can contain one or more components. For more information, see :ref:`Components`.


.. _Course Accordion:
 
**Course Accordion**

  The left-hand navigation bar in the courseware that shows the sections and subsections for a course.  The word “accordion” is intended to evoke the folding and unfolding of an accordion, because when you click a section, the section expands to show subsections.


.. _Course Catalog:
 
**Course Catalog**

  The page that lists all courses offered in the edX learning management system.



.. _Course Handouts:
 
**Course Handouts**

  Course handouts are files you make available to students in the Course Info page.

  See :ref:`Add Course Handouts` for more information.


.. _Course Info Page:
 
**Course Info Page**

  The page that opens first every time students access your course. You can post announcements on the Course Info page. The Course Handouts sidebar appears in the right pane of this page.


.. _Run:
 
**Course Run**

  The term in which your course takes place. You set the course run when you create your course. For more information, see :ref:`Create a New Course`.

.. _Courseware:
 

**Courseware**
  The page where students access the primary instructional materials for your course. Sections, subsections, units and components are all accessed from the Courseware page.


.. _Custom Response Problem:
 
**Custom Response Problem**

  A custom response problem evaluates text responses from students using an embedded Python script. These problems are also called "write-your-own-grader" problems. For more information, see :ref:`Write Your Own Grader`. 

.. _D:

****
D
****

.. _Discussion Forum:
 
**Discussion Forum**

  The page where students can communicate with peers and staff by typing in questions and responding to each other. 

  See :ref:`Working with Discussion Components` for more information.


.. _Discussion Component:
 
**Discussion Component**

  Forums that course staff can add directly to units. For example, a Video component can be followed by a Discussion component so that students can discuss the video content without having to leave the page.

  See :ref:`Working with Discussion Components` for more information.

.. _Dropdown Problem:
 
**Dropdown Problem**

  A problem that asks students to choose from a collection of answer options, presented as a drop-down list. For more information, see :ref:`Dropdown`.


.. _E:

****
E
****

.. _edX101_g:
 
**edX101**

  edX’s online course about how to create online courses. The intended audience is faculty and university administrators It is also the first course ever to have been developed entirely using edX Studio.

.. _edX101: https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about


.. _edX Edge:
 
**edX Edge**

  A less restricted site than edX.org. While only consortium members can create and post content on edX.org, any users with course creator permissions can create courses with Studio  on studio.edge.edx.org, then view the courses on the learning management system at edge.edx.org.

.. _Edge: http://edge.edx.org




.. _edX Studio:
 
**edX Studio**

  The edX tool you use to build your courses. 

  See :ref:`What is Studio?` for more information.


.. _Exercises:
 
**Exercises**

  Practice or practical problems interspersed in edX course content to keep the learner engaged. Exercises are also an important measure of teaching effectiveness and learner comprehension.



.. _G:

****
G
****

.. _grade:
 
**Grade Range**

  Thresholds that specify how numerical scores are associated with grades, and the score required to pass a course. 

  See :ref:`Set the Grade Range` for more information.


.. _Grading Rubric:
 
**Grading Rubric**
 
  List of the items that a student's response should cover in an open response assessment.

  See :ref:`ORA Rubrics` for more information.


.. _H:

****
H
****

.. _HTML Component:
 
**HTML Component**

  The component where you add and format text for your course. An HTML component can contain text, lists, links and images. 

  See :ref:`Working with HTML Components` for more information.



.. _I:

****
I
****


.. _Image Mapped Input Problem:
 
**Image Mapped Input Problem**

  A problem that presents an image and accepts clicks on the image as an answer.

  See :ref:`Image Mapped Input` for more information.

.. _Import:
 
**Import**

  A tool in edX Studio that loads a new course into your existing course. When you use the Import tool, Studio replaces all of your existing course content with the content from the imported course.

  See :ref:`Import a Course` for more information.


 

.. _L:

****
L
****


.. _LaTeX:
 
**LaTeX**

  A document markup language and document preparation system for the TeX typesetting program. 

  In edX Studio, you can :ref:`Import LaTeX Code`.

  You can also create a :ref:`Problem Written in LaTeX`.



.. _Learning Management System:
 
**Learning Management System (LMS)**

  The platform that students use to view courses.



.. _Live Mode:
 
**Live Mode**

  A view that  allows course staff to review all public units as students see them,  regardless of the release dates of the section and subsection that contain the units.

  See :ref:`View Your Live Course` for more information.


.. _M:

****
M
****

.. _Math Expression Input Problem:
 
**Math Expression Input Problem**

  A problem that requires students to enter a mathematical expression as text, such as e=m*c^2.

  See :ref:`Math Response Formatting for Students` for more information.


.. _MathJax:
 
**MathJax**

  A LaTeX-like language you use to write equations. Studio uses MathJax to render text input such as x^2 and sqrt(x^2-4) as "beautiful math."

  See :ref:`MathJax in Studio` for more information.




.. _Multiple Choice Problem:
 
**Multiple Choice Problem**

  A problem that asks students to select one answer from a list of options.

  See :ref:`Multiple Choice` for more information.


.. _N:

****
N
****

.. _Numerical Input Problem:
 
**Numerical Input Problem**

  A problem that asks students to enter numbers or specific and relatively simple mathematical expressions.

  See :ref:`Numerical Input` for more information.



.. _P:

****
P
****

.. _Pages_g:
 
**Pages**

  Pages that supplement the courseware for a course. Each page appears in your course's navigation bar. 

  See :ref:`Adding Pages to a Course` for more information.

.. _Preview Mode:
 
**Preview Mode**

  A view that allows you to see all the units of your course as students see them, regardless of whether the visibility of each unit is set to Public or Private and regardless of whether the release dates have passed.

  See :ref:`Preview Your Course` for more information.


.. _Private Unit:
 
**Private Unit**

  A unit whose **Visibility** option is set to Private so that students cannot see the unit, even if it is located in a subsection that has been released.

  See :ref:`Public and Private Units` for more information.




.. _Problem Component:
 
**Problem Component**

  A component that allows you to add interactive, automatically graded exercises to your course content. You can create many different types of problems.

  See :ref:`Working with Problem Components` for more information.



.. _Progress Page:
 
**Progress Page**

The page in the learning management system that shows students their scores on graded assignments in the course.



.. _Public Unit:
 
**Public Unit**

  A unit whose **Visibility** option is set to Public so that the unit is visible to students, if the subsection that contains the unit has been released.

  See :ref:`Public and Private Units` for more information.

.. _R:

****
R
****

.. _Rubric:
 
**Rubric**

  List of the items that a student's response should cover in an open response assessment.

  See :ref:`ORA Rubrics` for more information.



.. _S:

****
S
****




.. _Section_g:
 
**Section**

  The topmost category in your course. A section can represent a time period in your course, or another organizing principle.

  See :ref:`Sections` for more information.



.. _Simple Editor_g:
 
**Simple Editor**

  The graphical user interface in a Problem component that contains formatting buttons and is available for some problem types. For more information, see :ref:`Problem Studio View`.



.. _Subsection:
 
**Subsection**

  A division that represents a topic in your course, or another organizing principle. Subsections are found inside sections and contain units. Subsections can also be called "lessons."

  See :ref:`Subsections` for more information.



.. _Short Course Description:
 
**Short Course Description**

  The description of your course that appears on the edX `Course List <https://www.edx.org/course-list>`_ page.

  See :ref:`Describe Your Course` for more information.


.. _T:

****
T
****

.. _Text Input Problem:
 
**Text Input Problem**

  A problem that asks the student to enter a line of text, which is then checked against a specified expected answer.

  See :ref:`Text Input` for more information.


.. _Transcript:
 
**Transcript**

  A printed version of the content of a video. You can make video transcripts available to students.

  See :ref:`Working with Video Components` for more information.


.. _V:

****
V
****

.. _Video Component:
 
**Video Component**

  A component that you can use to add recorded videos to your course. 

  See :ref:`Working with Video Components` for more information.


.. _W:

****
W
****

.. _Wiki:
 
**Wiki**

  The page in each edX course that allows students as well as course staff to add, modify, or delete content. 
 
  Students can use the wiki to share links, notes, and other helpful information with each other. 


.. _X:

****
X
****

.. _XBlock:
 
**XBlock**

  EdX’s component architecture for writing courseware components.  

  Third parties can create components as web applications that can run within the edX learning management system.

Commit message:

Completed edits for Sylvia's review. Added data czar to glossary

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/getting_started/glossary.rst, after:

.. _Glossary:

###################################################
Glossary
###################################################

.. _A:

****
A
****

.. _About Page:

**About Page**

  The course page that provides potential students with a course summary, prerequisites, a course video and image, and important dates.

  See :ref:`The Course Summary Page` for more information.

.. _Advanced Editor-g:
 
**Advanced Editor**

  An XML-only editor in a Problem component that allows you to can create and edit any type of problem. For more information, see :ref:`Advanced Editor`.




.. _Assignment Type:
 
**Assignment Type**

  The category of graded student work, such as homework, exams, and exercises.

  For more information, see :ref:`Establish a Grading Policy`.

.. _C:

****
C
****


.. _Certificate:
 
**Certificate**

  A document issued to a registered student who successfully completes a course. Not all edX courses offer certificates, and not all students register as certificate candidates.



.. _Checkbox Problem:
 
**Checkbox Problem**

  A problem that prompts the student to select one or more options from a list of possible answers. For more information, see :ref:`Checkbox`.


.. _Chemical Equation Response Problem:
 
**Chemical Equation Response Problem**

  A problem that allows the student to enter chemical equations as answers. For more information, see :ref:`Chemical Equation`.


.. _Circuit Schematic Builder Problem:
 
**Circuit Schematic Builder Problem**

  A problem that allows the student to construct a schematic answer (such as an electronics circuit) on an interactive grid.

  See :ref:`Circuit Schematic Builder` for more information.


.. _Cohort:
 
**Cohort**

  A group of students that participate in the class together. A cohort can have forum discussions apart from the rest of the students.


.. _Component_g:
 
**Component**

  The part of a unit that contains your actual course content. A unit can contain one or more components. For more information, see :ref:`Components`.


.. _Course Accordion:
 
**Course Accordion**

  The left-hand navigation bar in the courseware that shows the sections and subsections for a course.  The word “accordion” is intended to evoke the folding and unfolding of an accordion, because when you click a section, the section expands to show subsections.


.. _Course Catalog:
 
**Course Catalog**

  The page that lists all courses offered in the edX learning management system.



.. _Course Handouts:
 
**Course Handouts**

  Course handouts are files you make available to students in the Course Info page.

  See :ref:`Add Course Handouts` for more information.


.. _Course Info Page:
 
**Course Info Page**

  The page that opens first every time students access your course. You can post announcements on the Course Info page. The Course Handouts sidebar appears in the right pane of this page.


.. _Run:
 
**Course Run**

  The term in which your course takes place. You set the course run when you create your course. For more information, see :ref:`Create a New Course`.

.. _Courseware:
 

**Courseware**
  The page where students access the primary instructional materials for your course. Sections, subsections, units and components are all accessed from the Courseware page.


.. _Custom Response Problem:
 
**Custom Response Problem**

  A custom response problem evaluates text responses from students using an embedded Python script. These problems are also called "write-your-own-grader" problems. For more information, see :ref:`Write Your Own Grader`. 

.. _D:

****
D
****

.. _Data Czar_g:

**Data Czar**

  A data czar is the single representative at a partner institution who is
  responsible for receiving course data from edX, and transferring it securely
  to researchers and other interested parties after it is received.

  See `edX Research Guide`_.

.. _edX Research Guide: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/

.. _Discussion Forum:
 
**Discussion Forum**

  The page where students can communicate with peers and staff by typing in questions and responding to each other. 

  See :ref:`Working with Discussion Components` for more information.


.. _Discussion Component:
 
**Discussion Component**

  Forums that course staff can add directly to units. For example, a Video component can be followed by a Discussion component so that students can discuss the video content without having to leave the page.

  See :ref:`Working with Discussion Components` for more information.

.. _Dropdown Problem:
 
**Dropdown Problem**

  A problem that asks students to choose from a collection of answer options, presented as a drop-down list. For more information, see :ref:`Dropdown`.


.. _E:

****
E
****

.. _edX101_g:
 
**edX101**

  edX’s online course about how to create online courses. The intended audience is faculty and university administrators It is also the first course ever to have been developed entirely using edX Studio.

.. _edX101: https://edge.edx.org/courses/edX/edX101/How_to_Create_an_edX_Course/about


.. _edX Edge:
 
**edX Edge**

  A less restricted site than edX.org. While only consortium members can create and post content on edX.org, any users with course creator permissions can create courses with Studio  on studio.edge.edx.org, then view the courses on the learning management system at edge.edx.org.

.. _Edge: http://edge.edx.org




.. _edX Studio:
 
**edX Studio**

  The edX tool you use to build your courses. 

  See :ref:`What is Studio?` for more information.


.. _Exercises:
 
**Exercises**

  Practice or practical problems interspersed in edX course content to keep the learner engaged. Exercises are also an important measure of teaching effectiveness and learner comprehension.



.. _G:

****
G
****

.. _grade:
 
**Grade Range**

  Thresholds that specify how numerical scores are associated with grades, and the score required to pass a course. 

  See :ref:`Set the Grade Range` for more information.


.. _Grading Rubric:
 
**Grading Rubric**
 
  List of the items that a student's response should cover in an open response assessment.

  See :ref:`ORA Rubrics` for more information.


.. _H:

****
H
****

.. _HTML Component:
 
**HTML Component**

  The component where you add and format text for your course. An HTML component can contain text, lists, links and images. 

  See :ref:`Working with HTML Components` for more information.



.. _I:

****
I
****


.. _Image Mapped Input Problem:
 
**Image Mapped Input Problem**

  A problem that presents an image and accepts clicks on the image as an answer.

  See :ref:`Image Mapped Input` for more information.

.. _Import:
 
**Import**

  A tool in edX Studio that loads a new course into your existing course. When you use the Import tool, Studio replaces all of your existing course content with the content from the imported course.

  See :ref:`Import a Course` for more information.


 

.. _L:

****
L
****


.. _LaTeX:
 
**LaTeX**

  A document markup language and document preparation system for the TeX typesetting program. 

  In edX Studio, you can :ref:`Import LaTeX Code`.

  You can also create a :ref:`Problem Written in LaTeX`.



.. _Learning Management System:
 
**Learning Management System (LMS)**

  The platform that students use to view courses.



.. _Live Mode:
 
**Live Mode**

  A view that  allows course staff to review all public units as students see them,  regardless of the release dates of the section and subsection that contain the units.

  See :ref:`View Your Live Course` for more information.


.. _M:

****
M
****

.. _Math Expression Input Problem:
 
**Math Expression Input Problem**

  A problem that requires students to enter a mathematical expression as text, such as e=m*c^2.

  See :ref:`Math Response Formatting for Students` for more information.


.. _MathJax:
 
**MathJax**

  A LaTeX-like language you use to write equations. Studio uses MathJax to render text input such as x^2 and sqrt(x^2-4) as "beautiful math."

  See :ref:`MathJax in Studio` for more information.




.. _Multiple Choice Problem:
 
**Multiple Choice Problem**

  A problem that asks students to select one answer from a list of options.

  See :ref:`Multiple Choice` for more information.


.. _N:

****
N
****

.. _Numerical Input Problem:
 
**Numerical Input Problem**

  A problem that asks students to enter numbers or specific and relatively simple mathematical expressions.

  See :ref:`Numerical Input` for more information.



.. _P:

****
P
****

.. _Pages_g:
 
**Pages**

  Pages that supplement the courseware for a course. Each page appears in your course's navigation bar. 

  See :ref:`Adding Pages to a Course` for more information.

.. _Preview Mode:
 
**Preview Mode**

  A view that allows you to see all the units of your course as students see them, regardless of whether the visibility of each unit is set to Public or Private and regardless of whether the release dates have passed.

  See :ref:`Preview Your Course` for more information.


.. _Private Unit:
 
**Private Unit**

  A unit whose **Visibility** option is set to Private so that students cannot see the unit, even if it is located in a subsection that has been released.

  See :ref:`Public and Private Units` for more information.




.. _Problem Component:
 
**Problem Component**

  A component that allows you to add interactive, automatically graded exercises to your course content. You can create many different types of problems.

  See :ref:`Working with Problem Components` for more information.



.. _Progress Page:
 
**Progress Page**

The page in the learning management system that shows students their scores on graded assignments in the course.



.. _Public Unit:
 
**Public Unit**

  A unit whose **Visibility** option is set to Public so that the unit is visible to students, if the subsection that contains the unit has been released.

  See :ref:`Public and Private Units` for more information.

.. _R:

****
R
****

.. _Rubric:
 
**Rubric**

  List of the items that a student's response should cover in an open response assessment.

  See :ref:`ORA Rubrics` for more information.



.. _S:

****
S
****




.. _Section_g:
 
**Section**

  The topmost category in your course. A section can represent a time period in your course, or another organizing principle.

  See :ref:`Sections` for more information.



.. _Simple Editor_g:
 
**Simple Editor**

  The graphical user interface in a Problem component that contains formatting buttons and is available for some problem types. For more information, see :ref:`Problem Studio View`.



.. _Subsection:
 
**Subsection**

  A division that represents a topic in your course, or another organizing principle. Subsections are found inside sections and contain units. Subsections can also be called "lessons."

  See :ref:`Subsections` for more information.



.. _Short Course Description:
 
**Short Course Description**

  The description of your course that appears on the edX `Course List <https://www.edx.org/course-list>`_ page.

  See :ref:`Describe Your Course` for more information.


.. _T:

****
T
****

.. _Text Input Problem:
 
**Text Input Problem**

  A problem that asks the student to enter a line of text, which is then checked against a specified expected answer.

  See :ref:`Text Input` for more information.


.. _Transcript:
 
**Transcript**

  A printed version of the content of a video. You can make video transcripts available to students.

  See :ref:`Working with Video Components` for more information.


.. _V:

****
V
****

.. _Video Component:
 
**Video Component**

  A component that you can use to add recorded videos to your course. 

  See :ref:`Working with Video Components` for more information.


.. _W:

****
W
****

.. _Wiki:
 
**Wiki**

  The page in each edX course that allows students as well as course staff to add, modify, or delete content. 
 
  Students can use the wiki to share links, notes, and other helpful information with each other. 


.. _X:

****
X
****

.. _XBlock:
 
**XBlock**

  EdX’s component architecture for writing courseware components.  

  Third parties can create components as web applications that can run within the edX learning management system.
