docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/course_enrollment.rst, before:

.. _Enrollment:

##########################
Enrollment
##########################

Course authors and instructors can enroll students in a course, see how many
people are enrolled, and, when necessary, unenroll students.

Students can enroll themselves in a course during its defined enrollment
period. For a ``www.edx.org`` course, enrollment is publicly available to
anyone who registers an edX account. For other courses, such as those on
``edge.edx.org``, enrollment is limited to students who know the course URL
and students you explicitly enroll.

* :ref:`registration_enrollment`

* :ref:`enroll_student`

* :ref:`view_enrollment_count`

* :ref:`unenroll_student`

.. _registration_enrollment:

*********************************
Registration and Enrollment
*********************************

Before a student can enroll in a course, he or she must:

#. Register a user account, which includes supplying a valid email address, on
   ``www.edx.org``, ``edge.edx.org``, or your implementation of the edX
   platform. Each platform requires a separate user account.

#. Activate the registered account by following the emailed instructions.

As long as the course **Enrollment End Date** has not passed, students who
have registered and activated user accounts can enroll themselves in
``www.edx.org`` courses, or can enroll in other courses if they know the URL.
For a more detailed description of this process from a student's point of
view, see :ref:`Sample Student Login Guide`.

Course authors and instructors, however, can enroll students in a course either
before or after the students register their user accounts.

To work on a course, all course staff members must also have registered and
activated user accounts and be enrolled in the course.

.. _enroll_student:

*********************************
Enroll Students in a Course
*********************************

You enroll students, and other course staff members, in your course by
supplying their email addresses. After the **Enrollment End Date** for a
course students can no longer enroll themselves; however, you can still
explicitly enroll students.

When you enroll people in a course you have these options:

* **Auto Enroll**. When you choose this option, the people who you enroll do
  not need to complete an explicit course enrollment step. Of the list of
  email addresses that you supply, those that correspond to a registered user
  account are immediately enrolled in the course, and your course displays on the dashboards on log in. Email addresses on the list
  that do not match a registered user account are enrolled as soon as that
  account is registered and activated.

  If you do not select **Auto Enroll**, the people who you enroll must also actively locate your course and enroll themselves in it. These students see the course on their dashboards after they have done so.

* **Notify students by email**. When you choose this option, an email message is
  automatically sent to each of the email addresses that you supply. The message
  includes the name of the course and, for students who are not already
  registered, a reminder to use that same email address to register.

  An example of the email message that a student received when this option was
  selected during enrollment follows. In this example, the student already had a
  registered and activated edx.org account, and both **Auto Enroll** and
  **Notify students by email** were selected.

  .. image:: ../Images/Course_Enrollment_Email.png
        :alt: Email message inviting a student to enroll in an edx.org course

To enroll students or staff members:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Membership**. 

#. In the **Batch Enrollment** section of the page, enter an email address or
   multiple addresses separated by commas or line feeds.

  You can copy and paste data from a CSV file of email addresses. However,
  note that this feature is better suited to courses with smaller enrollments,
  rather than courses with massive enrollments.

5. To streamline the course enrollment process, leave **Auto Enroll** selected.

#. To send students an email message, leave **Notify students by email**
   selected.

#. Click **Enroll**.

.. _view_enrollment_count:

***************************
View an Enrollment Count
***************************

After you create a course, you can access the total number of people who are
enrolled in it. When you view an enrollment count, note that:

* In addition to students, the enrollment count includes the course author,
  course team members, instructors, and course staff. (To work with a
  course in Studio or the LMS, you must be enrolled in that course.)

* Students can unenroll from courses, and course authors and instructors can
  unenroll students when necessary.

  **Note**: The enrollment count displays the number of currently enrolled
  students and course team staff. It is not a historical count of everyone who
  has ever enrolled in the course.

To view the enrollment count for a course:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Course Info** if necessary. 

  The **Enrollment Information** section of the page that opens shows the total
  number of people who are currently enrolled.

You can also view or download a list of the people who are enrolled in the
course. See :ref:`Student Data`.

.. _unenroll_student:

*********************************
Unenroll Students from a Course
*********************************

You can remove students from a course by unenrolling them. To prevent students
from re-enrolling, course enrollment must also be closed. You use Studio to
set the **Enrollment End Date** for the course to a date in the past. See
:ref:`Set Important Dates for Your Course`.

**Note**: Unenrollment does not delete data for a student. An unenrolled
student's state remains in the database and is reinstated if the student does
re-enroll.

To unenroll students, you supply the email addresses of enrolled students. 

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Membership**. 

#. In the **Batch Enrollment** section of the page, enter an email address or
   multiple addresses separated by commas or line feeds.

#. To send students an email message, leave **Notify students by email**
   selected.

.. note:: The **Auto Enroll** option has no effect when you click **Unenroll**.

5. Click **Unenroll**. The course is no longer listed on the students'
   dashboards, and the students can no longer contribute to discussions or the
   wiki or access the courseware.

Commit message:

Added username as option for batch enrollment/unenroll

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/course_enrollment.rst, after:

.. _Enrollment:

##########################
Enrollment
##########################

Course authors and instructors can enroll students in a course, see how many
people are enrolled, and, when necessary, unenroll students.

Students can enroll themselves in a course during its defined enrollment
period. For a ``www.edx.org`` course, enrollment is publicly available to
anyone who registers an edX account. For other courses, such as those on
``edge.edx.org``, enrollment is limited to students who know the course URL
and students you explicitly enroll.

* :ref:`registration_enrollment`

* :ref:`enroll_student`

* :ref:`view_enrollment_count`

* :ref:`unenroll_student`

.. _registration_enrollment:

*********************************
Registration and Enrollment
*********************************

Before a student can enroll in a course, he or she must:

#. Register a user account, which includes supplying a valid email address, on
   ``www.edx.org``, ``edge.edx.org``, or your implementation of the edX
   platform. Each platform requires a separate user account.

#. Activate the registered account by following the emailed instructions.

As long as the course **Enrollment End Date** has not passed, students who
have registered and activated user accounts can enroll themselves in
``www.edx.org`` courses, or can enroll in other courses if they know the URL.
For a more detailed description of this process from a student's point of
view, see :ref:`Sample Student Login Guide`.

Course authors and instructors, however, can enroll students in a course either
before or after the students register their user accounts.

To work on a course, all course staff members must also have registered and
activated user accounts and be enrolled in the course.

.. _enroll_student:

*********************************
Enroll Students in a Course
*********************************

You enroll students, and other course staff members, in your course by
supplying their email addresses. After the **Enrollment End Date** for a
course students can no longer enroll themselves; however, you can still
explicitly enroll students.

When you enroll people in a course you have these options:

* **Auto Enroll**. When you choose this option, the people who you enroll do
  not need to complete an explicit course enrollment step. Of the list of
  email addresses that you supply, those that correspond to a registered user
  account are immediately enrolled in the course, and your course displays on the dashboards on log in. Email addresses on the list
  that do not match a registered user account are enrolled as soon as that
  account is registered and activated.

  If you do not select **Auto Enroll**, the people who you enroll must also actively locate your course and enroll themselves in it. These students see the course on their dashboards after they have done so.

* **Notify students by email**. When you choose this option, an email message is
  automatically sent to each of the email addresses that you supply. The message
  includes the name of the course and, for students who are not already
  registered, a reminder to use that same email address to register.

  An example of the email message that a student received when this option was
  selected during enrollment follows. In this example, the student already had a
  registered and activated edx.org account, and both **Auto Enroll** and
  **Notify students by email** were selected.

  .. image:: ../Images/Course_Enrollment_Email.png
        :alt: Email message inviting a student to enroll in an edx.org course

To enroll students or staff members:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Membership**. 

#. In the **Batch Enrollment** section of the page, enter the username or email
   address of the student, or enter multiple names or addresses separated by
   commas or new lines.

  You can copy and paste data from a CSV file of email addresses. However,
  note that this feature is better suited to courses with smaller enrollments,
  rather than courses with massive enrollments.

5. To streamline the course enrollment process, leave **Auto Enroll** selected.

#. To send students an email message, leave **Notify students by email**
   selected.

#. Click **Enroll**.

.. _view_enrollment_count:

***************************
View an Enrollment Count
***************************

After you create a course, you can access the total number of people who are
enrolled in it. When you view an enrollment count, note that:

* In addition to students, the enrollment count includes the course author,
  course team members, instructors, and course staff. (To work with a
  course in Studio or the LMS, you must be enrolled in that course.)

* Students can unenroll from courses, and course authors and instructors can
  unenroll students when necessary.

  **Note**: The enrollment count displays the number of currently enrolled
  students and course team staff. It is not a historical count of everyone who
  has ever enrolled in the course.

To view the enrollment count for a course:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Course Info** if necessary. 

  The **Enrollment Information** section of the page that opens shows the total
  number of people who are currently enrolled.

You can also view or download a list of the people who are enrolled in the
course. See :ref:`Student Data`.

.. _unenroll_student:

*********************************
Unenroll Students from a Course
*********************************

You can remove students from a course by unenrolling them. To prevent students
from re-enrolling, course enrollment must also be closed. You use Studio to
set the **Enrollment End Date** for the course to a date in the past. See
:ref:`Set Important Dates for Your Course`.

**Note**: Unenrollment does not delete data for a student. An unenrolled
student's state remains in the database and is reinstated if the student does
re-enroll.

To unenroll students, you supply the email addresses of enrolled students. 

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Membership**. 

#. In the **Batch Enrollment** section of the page, enter a username or an email
   address, or multiple names or addresses separated by commas or new lines.

#. To send students an email message, leave **Notify students by email**
   selected.

.. note:: The **Auto Enroll** option has no effect when you click **Unenroll**.

5. Click **Unenroll**. The course is no longer listed on the students'
   dashboards, and the students can no longer contribute to discussions or the
   wiki or access the courseware.
