docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/course_student.rst, before:

.. _Student Data:

############################
Student Data
############################

You can access data about the students who are enrolled in your course at any time after you create the course. 

For information about the data you can access, see the following topics:

* :ref:`PII`

* :ref:`Access_student_data`

* :ref:`Access_anonymized`

You can also view charts of certain student demographics for graded problems. See :ref:`Grades`. 

.. _PII:

***************************************************************
Guidance for working with personal information
***************************************************************

The information that edX collects from site registrants includes personal information that can be used to identify, contact, and locate individuals. This information is available to course authors for the students who are enrolled in their courses. 

Course authors should follow the policies established by their organizations and comply with the legal requirements of their locales to prevent public distribution or misuse of this information. 

.. **Question**: I just made this statement up. What guidance can/should we give, for immediate publication and in the future? (sent to Tena and Jennifer Adams 31 Jan 14)

.. _Access_student_data:

****************************
Access student data
****************************

You can download data about the students who are currently enrolled in your course in a CSV (comma-separated values) file. For courses that have fewer than 200 students enrolled, you can also view data for enrolled students on the Instructor Dashboard.  

======================
Student-reported data
======================

When students register with edX, they select a public username and supply information about themselves. Most of this information is optional, so not all of the students who are enrolled in your course provide it.

 .. image:: ../Images/Registration_page.png
   :alt: Fields that collect student information during registration

Students then register for as many individual courses as they choose, which enrolls them in each selected course. 

You can access this self-reported information for all of the students who are enrolled in your course:

* username
* name
* email
* year_of_birth
* gender
* level_of_education
* mailing_address
* goals

The student data that is available to course staff always reflects the set of live, current enrollments. Students can register for your course throughout the defined enrollment period, and they can unregister from a course at any time, which unenrolls them. Students can also change their email addresses and full names at any time. As a result, you may want to download student data periodically to gain insights into how the student population changes over time. 

**Note**: In the future, edX may also request that students select a language and location. This data is not collected at this time.

.. _View and download student data:

==========================================
Download or view student data
==========================================

You can download student data to learn about population demographics at a specific point in time, compare demographics at different points in time, and plot trends in the population over time. 

**Important**: Do not navigate away from this page while you wait for the data to be prepared. The larger the enrollment for your course, the longer it takes to create and output the data. 

For smaller courses, you also have the option to view student data on the Instructor Dashboard. 

To download or view student data:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Data Download**.

#. To download student enrollment data in a CSV file, click **Download profile information as a CSV**.

   You are prompted to open or save the enrolled_profiles.csv file. All student-supplied data is included without truncation.

#. To display student enrollment data, click **List enrolled students' profile information**. (This option is available only for courses with an enrollment of less than 200.)

   A table of the student data displays, with one row for each enrolled student. Longer values, such as student goals, are truncated.

 .. image:: ../Images/StudentData_Table.png
  :alt: Table with columns for the collected data points and rows for each student on the Instructor Dashboard

**Note**: In addition to the data for enrolled students, data for the course staff is included in the file or display.

==========================================
View demographic distributions
==========================================

You can view a course-wide summary of certain demographic distributions for your currently enrolled students. The total count for each value reported for gender and educational attainment displays on the Instructor Dashboard. Because this data is optional, the totals for each of these self-reported values are likely to be lower than your course enrollment total. You can also view a chart with the ages of all currently enrolled students.

To display demographic data for your students:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Analytics**. 

   * The Year of Birth section displays a chart of enrolled students plotted by year of birth.

   * The Gender Distribution and Level of Education sections show tables with counts of responses made by enrolled students.

   .. image:: ../Images/Distribution_Education.png
    :alt: Table with columns for different possible values for level of education completed and total count reported for each value

   .. image:: ../Images/Distribution_Gender.png
    :alt: Table with columns for different possible values for gender and total count reported for each value

   "No Data" is the sum of the students for whom no value exists for the demographic. 

  Data for individual students is not shown, and you cannot download data directly from this page. See :ref:`View and download student data`.


.. _Access_anonymized:

********************************
Access anonymized student IDs
********************************

Some of the tools that are available for use with the edX platform, including external graders and surveys, work with anonymized student data. If it becomes necessary for you to deanonymize previously anonymized data, you can download a CSV file to use for that purpose.

To download a file of assigned user IDs and anonymized user IDs:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** > **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Data Download** > **Get Student Anonymized IDs CSV**.

You are prompted to open or save the (course-id)-anon-id.csv file for your course. This file contains the user ID that is assigned to each student at registration and its corresponding anonymized ID. Values are included for every student who ever enrolled for your course. 

You can use the data in this file together with the data in the enrolled_profile.csv file of student data and in a *course_id* \_grade_report_\ *date*.csv file for your course to research and deanonymize student data.

Commit message:

DOC-275, location & Language columns
additional small typos and fixes

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/course_student.rst, after:

.. _Student Data:

############################
Student Data
############################

You can access data about the students who are enrolled in your course at any time after you create the course. 

For information about the data you can access, see the following topics:

* :ref:`PII`

* :ref:`Access_student_data`

* :ref:`Access_anonymized`

You can also view charts of certain student demographics for graded problems. See :ref:`Grades`. 

.. _PII:

***************************************************************
Guidance for working with personal information
***************************************************************

The information that edX collects from site registrants includes personal information that can be used to identify, contact, and locate individuals. This information is available to course authors for the students who are enrolled in their courses. 

Course authors should follow the policies established by their organizations and comply with the legal requirements of their locales to prevent public distribution or misuse of this information. 

.. **Question**: I just made this statement up. What guidance can/should we give, for immediate publication and in the future? (sent to Tena and Jennifer Adams 31 Jan 14)

.. _Access_student_data:

****************************
Access student data
****************************

You can download data about the students who are currently enrolled in your course in a CSV (comma-separated values) file. For courses that have fewer than 200 students enrolled, you can also view data for enrolled students on the Instructor Dashboard.  

======================
Student-reported data
======================

When students register with edX, they select a public username and supply information about themselves. Most of this information is optional, so not all of the students who are enrolled in your course provide it.

 .. image:: ../Images/Registration_page.png
   :alt: Fields that collect student information during registration

Students then register for as many individual courses as they choose, which enrolls them in each selected course. 

You can access this self-reported information for all of the students who are enrolled in your course:

* username
* name
* email
* year_of_birth
* gender
* level_of_education
* mailing_address
* goals

The student data that is available to course staff always reflects the set of live, current enrollments. Students can register for your course throughout the defined enrollment period, and they can unregister from a course at any time, which unenrolls them. Students can also change their email addresses and full names at any time. As a result, you may want to download student data periodically to gain insights into how the student population changes over time. 

.. note:: In the future, edX may also request that students select a language and location. This data is not collected at this time.

.. _View and download student data:

==========================================
Download or view student data
==========================================

You can download student data to learn about population demographics at a specific point in time, compare demographics at different points in time, and plot trends in the population over time. 

In addition to the data for enrolled students, data for the course staff is
included in the file or display.

.. important:: Do not navigate away from this page while you wait for the data to be prepared. The larger the enrollment for your course, the longer it takes to create and output the data. 

For smaller courses, you also have the option to view student data on the Instructor Dashboard. 

To download or view student data:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Data Download**.

#. To download data about enrolled students in a CSV file, click **Download profile information as a CSV**.

   You are prompted to open or save the enrolled_profiles.csv file. All student-supplied data is included without truncation.

#. To display data about enrolled students, click **List enrolled students' profile information**. (This option is available only for courses with an enrollment of less than 200.)

   A table of the student data displays, with one row for each enrolled student. Longer values, such as student goals, are truncated.

 .. image:: ../Images/StudentData_Table.png
  :alt: Table with columns for the collected data points and rows for each student on the Instructor Dashboard

.. note:: The columns for language and location are included in this report for backward compatibility only. This data is no longer collected during student registration.

==========================================
View demographic distributions
==========================================

You can view a course-wide summary of certain demographic distributions for your currently enrolled students. The total count for each value reported for gender and educational attainment displays on the Instructor Dashboard. Because this data is optional, the totals for each of these self-reported values are likely to be lower than your course enrollment total. You can also view a chart with the ages of all currently enrolled students.

To display demographic data for your students:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Analytics**. 

   * The Year of Birth section displays a chart of enrolled students plotted by year of birth.

   * The Gender Distribution and Level of Education sections show tables with counts of responses made by enrolled students.

   .. image:: ../Images/Distribution_Education.png
    :alt: Table with columns for different possible values for level of education completed and total count reported for each value

   .. image:: ../Images/Distribution_Gender.png
    :alt: Table with columns for different possible values for gender and total count reported for each value

   "No Data" is the sum of the students for whom no value exists for the demographic. 

  Data for individual students is not shown, and you cannot download data directly from this page. See :ref:`View and download student data`.


.. _Access_anonymized:

********************************
Access anonymized student IDs
********************************

Some of the tools that are available for use with the edX platform, including external graders and surveys, work with anonymized student data. If it becomes necessary for you to deanonymize previously anonymized data, you can download a CSV file to use for that purpose.

To download a file of assigned user IDs and anonymized user IDs:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** > **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Data Download** > **Get Student Anonymized IDs CSV**.

You are prompted to open or save the (course-id)-anon-id.csv file for your course. This file contains the user ID that is assigned to each student at registration and its corresponding anonymized ID. Values are included for every student who ever enrolled for your course. 

You can use the data in this file together with the data in the enrolled_profile.csv file of student data and in a *course_id* \_grade_report_\ *date*.csv file for your course to research and deanonymize student data.
