docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/discussions.rst, before:

.. _Discussions:

############################
Discussions
############################

Discussions, or discussion forums, foster interaction among your students and between students and course staff. You set up discussion topics and categories when you create your course, and then run and moderate discussions throughout the course to guide participation and develop course community. 

Discussions are also excellent sources of feedback and ideas for the future.

For options you can use to run and moderate discussions, see the following topics:

* :ref:`Organizing_discussions`

* :ref:`Running_discussions`

* :ref:`Moderating_discussions`

* :ref:`Close_discussions`

.. _Organizing_discussions:

*************************************************
Set Up Discussions for Your Course
*************************************************

Discussions in an edX course include both the specific topics that you add to course units as discussion components, and  broader forums on course-wide areas of interest, such as Feedback, Troubleshooting, or Technical Help, that you can add as discussion categories. 

============================================
Add Units With a Discussion Component
============================================

Typically, all units are added during the design and creation of your course in Studio. To add a component to a unit, follow the instructions in :ref:`Working with Discussion Components`.   

This type of discussion is subject to the release date of the section that contains it. Students cannot contribute to these discussions until that date.

=====================================
Create Discussion Categories
=====================================

All courses include a page named **Discussion**. When you create a course, a discussion category named General is available for you to include by default. You can add more discussion categories to guide how students share and find information during your course. Categories might include Feedback, Troubleshooting, or Technical Help. Discussions in these categories can begin as soon as your course is available.

To create a discussion category:

#. Open your course in Studio. 

#. Select **Settings** > **Advanced Settings**.

#. Scroll down to the **Policy Key** for **discussion_topics**. By default, its **Policy Value** is:

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_initial.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}}

4. Copy the three lines provided for the General discussion category and paste them above the closing brace:

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_paste.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"} "General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}}

5. Replace the second "General" with the quoted name of your new discussion category.

#. Change the second id value to a unique identifier. For example, append a reference to the category name.

#. Add a comma after the first closing brace.

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_name.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}, "Course Q&A": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan_faq"}}

8. Click **Save Changes**.

When students click the **Discussion** page for your course, the drop-down list includes this new category.

 .. image:: ../Images/NewCategory_Discussion.png
  :alt: Image of a new category named Course Q&A in the list of discussions

.. _Assigning_discussion_roles:

==========================================
Assign Discussion Administration Roles 
==========================================

You can designate a team of people to help you run course discussions. Different options for working with discussion posts are available to discussion administrators with these roles:

* Discussion moderators can edit and delete posts, review posts flagged for misuse, close and reopen threads, pin posts and endorse responses, and, if the course is cohorted, see posts from all cohorts. Responses and comments made by moderators are marked as "Staff".

* Discussion community TAs have the same options for working with discussions as moderators. Responses and comments made by community TAs are marked as "Community TA".

* Discussion admins have the same options for working with discussions as moderators. Admins can also assign these discussion management roles to more people while your course is running, or remove a role from a user whenever necessary. Responses and comments made by admins are marked as "Staff".

.. note:: Discussion responses and comments made by course staff and instructors are also marked as "Staff".

Before you can assign roles to your discussion administrators, you need their email addresses or usernames. 

* To get this information for a staff member, on the Instructor Dashboard click **Membership** and then select **Course Staff** from the drop-down list.
* To get this information for an enrolled student, on the Instructor Dashboard click **Data Download** > **Download profile information as a CSV**.

**Tip**: These instructions are for the new Instructor Dashboard: click **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

To assign a role:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Membership**.

#. In the Administration List Management section, use the drop-down list to select Discussion Admins, Discussion Moderators, or Discussion Community TAs.

#. Under the list of users who currently have that role, enter an email address or username and click **Add** for the role type.

#. To remove an assigned role, view the list of users and then click **Revoke access**.

.. _Running_discussions:

*********************
Run a discussion
*********************

On an ongoing basis, discussion administrators run the course discussions by making contributions and guiding student posts into threads. Techniques that you can use throughout your course to make discussions successful follow.

========================
Seed a Discussion
========================

Before you contribute to a discussion, you can decide whether you want to be identified as a staff member or community TA, or to appear like other students' work. Depending on the subject and your purpose, one or the other might be more appropriate to spark discussion and inform students.

You can also post anonymously. Regardless of your role, you can choose to make a post anonymous. However, you may want to discourage your students from posting anonymously, and therefore choose not to use this option yourself.

* To identify your posts with your role, log in with your discussion administrator email address and add the post or response. The responses and comments that you make include a colored banner with either "Staff" or "Community TA".
 
* To post as a student, you must set up an alternate account with a different email address, go to the course URL and register, and then join the discussion. When you post as a student, your responses and comments do not have a banner or other distinguishing features: they appear the same as any other student post.

.. note:: Posts by discussion administrators do not include a colored "Staff" or "Community TA" banner. The colored banner appears only when discussion administrators respond to existing posts or make a comment.

==========================================
Use Conventions in Discussion Subjects
==========================================

To identify certain types of posts and make them easier for your students to find, you can define a set of standard tags to include at the beginning of the subject. Examples follow.

* Use "[OFFICIAL]" at the start of announcements about changes to the course.

* Post information about corrected errors with a subject that begins "[ERRATA]".

.. * In the General discussion category, add an "[INTRO]" post to initiate a thread for student and staff introductions.

* Direct students to use "[STAFF]" in the subject of each post that needs the attention of a course staff member.


======================================
Minimize Thread Proliferation
======================================

To encourage longer, threaded discussions rather than many similar, separate posts, discussion administrators can use these techniques. However, be aware that long threads (with more than a 200 responses and comments) can be difficult to read and slow to display, and can therefore result in an unsatisfactory experience in the discussion.

* Pin a post. 
  Pinning a post makes it appear first in the discussion, so that it is more likely that students will see and respond to it. Otherwise, each post is listed in reverse chronological order or sorted as each student chooses. You can write your own post and then pin it, or pin a post by any author. Click **Pin Thread**.

    .. image:: ../Images/Pin_Discussion.png
     :alt: Image of the pin icon for discussion posts

* Endorse a response.
  Endorsing a response indicates that it provides value to the discussion, such as a correct answer to a question. Click the **check mark** that displays at upper right of the response.

    .. image:: ../Images/Endorse_Discussion.png
     :alt: Image of the Endorse button for discussion posts

* Close a thread. 
  You can respond to a redundant post or response by pasting in a link to the thread that you prefer students to contribute to, and then prevent further thread interaction by closing the entire post or a specific response. Click the **Close** button that displays below the post or response to close it. 

* Provide post/response/comment guidelines.
  A set of :ref:`Guidance for Discussion Moderators` or a post in the General discussion can provide guidance about when to create a new thread, respond to an existing post, or comment on a response. 


.. _Moderating_discussions:

***********************
Moderate Discussions
***********************

Discussion administrators monitor discussions and keep them productive. They can also collect inforrmation, such as areas of particular confusion or interest, and relay it to the course staff. 

Developing and sustaining a positive discussion culture requires that sufficient moderator time is dedicated to reviewing and responding to discussions. Keeping up-to-date with a large MOOC forum requires a commitment of 5 or more hours per week, and involves reading posts, replying to and editing posts, and communicating with the other discussion administrators and course staff.

For information on setting up moderators for your course, see :ref:`Assigning_discussion_roles`.

========================================
Provide Guidelines for Students
========================================

You can develop a set of best practices for discussion participation and make them available to students as a course handout file or on a defined page in your course. These guidelines can define your expectations and optionally introduce features of edX discussions. 

.. For a template that you can use to develop your own guidelines, see :ref:`Discussion Forum Guidelines`.

========================================
Develop a Positive Discussion Culture
========================================

Monitors can cultivate qualities in their own discussion interactions to make their influence positive and their time productive.

* Encourage quality posts: thank students whose posts have a positive impact and who answer questions.

* Check links, images, and videos in addition to the text that students post. Edit offensive or inappropriate posts quickly, and explain why.

* Review posts with a large number of votes and recognize "star posters" publicly and regularly.

* Stay on topic yourself: before responding to a post, be sure to read it completely.

* Maintain a positive attitude. Acknowledge problems and errors without assigning blame.

* Provide timely responses. More time needs to be scheduled for answering discussion questions when deadlines for homework, quizzes, and other milestones approach.

* Discourage redundancy: before responding to a post search for similar posts. Make your response in the most pertinent or active thread, then use links to direct other posts to that thread.  

* Publicize issues raised in the discussions: add questions and their answers to an FAQ discussion category, or announce them on the Course Info page. 

For a template that you can use to develop guidelines for your course moderators, see :ref:`Guidance for Discussion Moderators`.

==================
Edit Posts 
==================

Posts and responses can be edited by discussion moderators, community TAs, and admins. Posts that include spoilers or solutions, or that contain inappropriate or off-topic material, should be edited quickly to remove text, images, or links. 

#. Log in to the course with your discussion administrator username.

#. Click the **Edit** button below the post or response.

#. Remove the problematic portion of the post, or replace it with standard text such as "[REMOVED BY MODERATOR]".

#. Communicate the reason for your change. For example, "Posting a solution violates the honor code."

==================
Delete Posts 
==================

Posts and responses can be deleted by discussion moderators, community TAs, and admins. Posts that include spam or abusive language may need to be deleted, rather than edited. 

#. Log in to the course with your discussion administrator username.

#. Click the **Delete** button below the post or response.

#. Click **OK** to confirm the deletion.

.. how to communicate with the poster?

**Important**: If a post is threatening or indicates serious harmful intent, contact campus security at your institution. Report the incident before taking any other action. 

==================================
Respond to Reports of Misuse
==================================

Students can use the **Report Misuse** flag to indicate posts that they find inappropriate. Moderators, community TAs, and admins can check for posts that have been flagged in this way and edit or delete them as needed.

#. View the live version of your course and click **Discussion** at the top of the page.

#. On the drop-down list of discussion topics click **Show Flagged Discussions**.

#. Review each post listed as a flagged discussion. Posts and responses show a flag and **Misuse Reported** in red font; comments show only a red flag.

#. Edit or delete the post. Alternatively, leave the post unchanged and click **Misuse Reported** or the flag to remove  the notification.

===============
Block Users
===============

For a student who continues to misuse the course discussions, you can unenroll the student from the course. See :ref:`unenroll_student`. If the enrollment period for the course is over, the student cannot re-enroll.

.. _Close_discussions:

******************************
Close Discussions to New Posts
******************************

You can close the discussions for your course so that students cannot add posts.
Course discussions can be closed temporarily, such as during an exam period, or
permanently, such as when a course ends.

When you close the discussions for a course, all of the discussion components in
course units, and all of the discussion categories on the **Discussion** page,
are affected.

* Existing discussion contributions remain available for review.
  
* Students cannot add posts, respond to posts, or comment on responses. However,
  students can continue to vote on existing posts, report posts for misuse, and
  follow posts.

* Course Staff, Instructors, Discussion Admins, Discussion Moderators,
  and Discussion Community TAs are not affected when you close the discussions
  for a course. Users with these roles can continue to add to discussions. 

.. note:: To assure that your students understand why they cannot add to  discussions, you can add the dates that discussions are closed to the **Course Info** page and post them to a General discussion.

=====================================
Start-End Date Format Specification
=====================================

To close course discussions, you supply a start date and time and an end date
and time in Studio. You enter the values in this format:

``["YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM", "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM"]``

where:

* The dates and times that you enter are in the Universal Coordinated (UTC) time
  zone, not in your local time zone.
* You enter an actual letter **T** between the numeric date and time values. 
* The first date and time indicate when you want course discussions to close.
* The second date and time indicate when you want course discussions to reopen.
  If you do not want the discussions to reopen, enter a date that is far in the
  future.
* Quotation marks enclose each date-time value.
* A comma and a space separate the start date-time from the end date-time.
* Square brackets enclose the start-end value pair.
* You can supply more than one complete start and end value pair. A comma and a
  space separate each pair.

For example, to close course discussions temporarily for a final exam period in
July, and then permanently on 9 August 2014, you enter:

``["2014-07-22T08:00", "2014-07-25T18:00"], ["2014-08-09T00:00", "2099-08-09T00:00"]``

You enter these values between an additional pair of square brackets which are
supplied for you in Studio.

============================================
Define When Discussions Are Closed to Posts
============================================

To define when discussions are closed to new posts, and when they reopen:

#. Open your course in Studio. 

#. Select **Settings** > **Advanced Settings**.

#. Scroll down to the **Policy Key** for **discussion_blackouts**. 

#. In the **Policy Value** field, place your cursor between the supplied square
   brackets. Use the required date format specification to enter the start and
   end dates for each time period during which you want discussions to be
   closed to new posts.

   When you enter the dates and times from the example above, the **Policy
   Value** field looks like this:

   .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_blackout_unformatted.png
     :alt: Policy value of [["2014-07-22T08:00", "2014-07-25T18:00"],
         ["2014-08-09T00:00", "2099-08-09T00:00"]]

5. Click **Save Changes**.

   Studio reformats your entry to add line feeds and indentation, like this:

   .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_blackout_formatted.png
     :alt: Same policy value but with a line feed after each bracket and comma,
         and an indent before each date

Commit message:

Note about course staff and discussion admin roles
doc-309

docs/en_us/course_authors/source/running_course/discussions.rst, after:

.. _Discussions:

############################
Discussions
############################

Discussions, or discussion forums, foster interaction among your students and between students and course staff. You set up discussion topics and categories when you create your course, and then run and moderate discussions throughout the course to guide participation and develop course community. 

Discussions are also excellent sources of feedback and ideas for the future.

For options you can use to run and moderate discussions, see the following topics:

* :ref:`Organizing_discussions`

* :ref:`Running_discussions`

* :ref:`Moderating_discussions`

* :ref:`Close_discussions`

.. _Organizing_discussions:

*************************************************
Set Up Discussions for Your Course
*************************************************

Discussions in an edX course include both the specific topics that you add to course units as discussion components, and  broader forums on course-wide areas of interest, such as Feedback, Troubleshooting, or Technical Help, that you can add as discussion categories. 

============================================
Add Units With a Discussion Component
============================================

Typically, all units are added during the design and creation of your course in Studio. To add a component to a unit, follow the instructions in :ref:`Working with Discussion Components`.   

This type of discussion is subject to the release date of the section that contains it. Students cannot contribute to these discussions until that date.

=====================================
Create Discussion Categories
=====================================

All courses include a page named **Discussion**. When you create a course, a discussion category named General is available for you to include by default. You can add more discussion categories to guide how students share and find information during your course. Categories might include Feedback, Troubleshooting, or Technical Help. Discussions in these categories can begin as soon as your course is available.

To create a discussion category:

#. Open your course in Studio. 

#. Select **Settings** > **Advanced Settings**.

#. Scroll down to the **Policy Key** for **discussion_topics**. By default, its **Policy Value** is:

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_initial.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}}

4. Copy the three lines provided for the General discussion category and paste them above the closing brace:

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_paste.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"} "General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}}

5. Replace the second "General" with the quoted name of your new discussion category.

#. Change the second id value to a unique identifier. For example, append a reference to the category name.

#. Add a comma after the first closing brace.

 .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_Add_name.png
  :alt: Policy value of {"General": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan"}, "Course Q&A": {"id": "i4x-test_doc-SB101-course-2014_Jan_faq"}}

8. Click **Save Changes**.

When students click the **Discussion** page for your course, the drop-down list includes this new category.

 .. image:: ../Images/NewCategory_Discussion.png
  :alt: Image of a new category named Course Q&A in the list of discussions

.. _Assigning_discussion_roles:

==========================================
Assign Discussion Administration Roles 
==========================================

You can designate a team of people to help you run course discussions. Different options for working with discussion posts are available to discussion administrators with these roles:

* Discussion moderators can edit and delete posts, review posts flagged for misuse, close and reopen threads, pin posts and endorse responses, and, if the course is cohorted, see posts from all cohorts. Responses and comments made by moderators are marked as "Staff".

* Discussion community TAs have the same options for working with discussions as moderators. Responses and comments made by community TAs are marked as "Community TA".

* Discussion admins have the same options for working with discussions as moderators. Admins can also assign these discussion management roles to more people while your course is running, or remove a role from a user whenever necessary. Responses and comments made by admins are marked as "Staff".

.. note:: 
  Course staff and instructors that you set up in Studio are not automatically
  granted discussion administration roles. You must explicitly grant discussion
  administration roles to course staff and instructors if they intend to
  administer course discussions.

Before you can assign roles to your discussion administrators, you need their email addresses or usernames. 

* To get this information for a staff member, on the Instructor Dashboard click **Membership** and then select **Course Staff** from the drop-down list.
* To get this information for an enrolled student, on the Instructor Dashboard click **Data Download** > **Download profile information as a CSV**.

**Tip**: These instructions are for the new Instructor Dashboard: click **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

To assign a role:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor** then **Try New Beta Dashboard**.

#. Click **Membership**.

#. In the Administration List Management section, use the drop-down list to select Discussion Admins, Discussion Moderators, or Discussion Community TAs.

#. Under the list of users who currently have that role, enter an email address or username and click **Add** for the role type.

#. To remove an assigned role, view the list of users and then click **Revoke access**.

.. _Running_discussions:

*********************
Run a discussion
*********************

On an ongoing basis, discussion administrators run the course discussions by making contributions and guiding student posts into threads. Techniques that you can use throughout your course to make discussions successful follow.

========================
Seed a Discussion
========================

Before you contribute to a discussion, you can decide whether you want to be identified as a staff member or community TA, or to appear like other students' work. Depending on the subject and your purpose, one or the other might be more appropriate to spark discussion and inform students.

You can also post anonymously. Regardless of your role, you can choose to make a post anonymous. However, you may want to discourage your students from posting anonymously, and therefore choose not to use this option yourself.

* To identify your posts with your role, log in with your discussion administrator email address and add the post or response. The responses and comments that you make include a colored banner with either "Staff" or "Community TA".
 
* To post as a student, you must set up an alternate account with a different email address, go to the course URL and register, and then join the discussion. When you post as a student, your responses and comments do not have a banner or other distinguishing features: they appear the same as any other student post.

.. note:: Posts by discussion administrators do not include a colored "Staff" or "Community TA" banner. The colored banner appears only when discussion administrators respond to existing posts or make a comment.

==========================================
Use Conventions in Discussion Subjects
==========================================

To identify certain types of posts and make them easier for your students to find, you can define a set of standard tags to include at the beginning of the subject. Examples follow.

* Use "[OFFICIAL]" at the start of announcements about changes to the course.

* Post information about corrected errors with a subject that begins "[ERRATA]".

.. * In the General discussion category, add an "[INTRO]" post to initiate a thread for student and staff introductions.

* Direct students to use "[STAFF]" in the subject of each post that needs the attention of a course staff member.


======================================
Minimize Thread Proliferation
======================================

To encourage longer, threaded discussions rather than many similar, separate posts, discussion administrators can use these techniques. However, be aware that long threads (with more than a 200 responses and comments) can be difficult to read and slow to display, and can therefore result in an unsatisfactory experience in the discussion.

* Pin a post. 
  Pinning a post makes it appear first in the discussion, so that it is more likely that students will see and respond to it. Otherwise, each post is listed in reverse chronological order or sorted as each student chooses. You can write your own post and then pin it, or pin a post by any author. Click **Pin Thread**.

    .. image:: ../Images/Pin_Discussion.png
     :alt: Image of the pin icon for discussion posts

* Endorse a response.
  Endorsing a response indicates that it provides value to the discussion, such as a correct answer to a question. Click the **check mark** that displays at upper right of the response.

    .. image:: ../Images/Endorse_Discussion.png
     :alt: Image of the Endorse button for discussion posts

* Close a thread. 
  You can respond to a redundant post or response by pasting in a link to the thread that you prefer students to contribute to, and then prevent further thread interaction by closing the entire post or a specific response. Click the **Close** button that displays below the post or response to close it. 

* Provide post/response/comment guidelines.
  A set of :ref:`Guidance for Discussion Moderators` or a post in the General discussion can provide guidance about when to create a new thread, respond to an existing post, or comment on a response. 


.. _Moderating_discussions:

***********************
Moderate Discussions
***********************

Discussion administrators monitor discussions and keep them productive. They can also collect inforrmation, such as areas of particular confusion or interest, and relay it to the course staff. 

Developing and sustaining a positive discussion culture requires that sufficient moderator time is dedicated to reviewing and responding to discussions. Keeping up-to-date with a large MOOC forum requires a commitment of 5 or more hours per week, and involves reading posts, replying to and editing posts, and communicating with the other discussion administrators and course staff.

For information on setting up moderators for your course, see :ref:`Assigning_discussion_roles`.

========================================
Provide Guidelines for Students
========================================

You can develop a set of best practices for discussion participation and make them available to students as a course handout file or on a defined page in your course. These guidelines can define your expectations and optionally introduce features of edX discussions. 

.. For a template that you can use to develop your own guidelines, see :ref:`Discussion Forum Guidelines`.

========================================
Develop a Positive Discussion Culture
========================================

Monitors can cultivate qualities in their own discussion interactions to make their influence positive and their time productive.

* Encourage quality posts: thank students whose posts have a positive impact and who answer questions.

* Check links, images, and videos in addition to the text that students post. Edit offensive or inappropriate posts quickly, and explain why.

* Review posts with a large number of votes and recognize "star posters" publicly and regularly.

* Stay on topic yourself: before responding to a post, be sure to read it completely.

* Maintain a positive attitude. Acknowledge problems and errors without assigning blame.

* Provide timely responses. More time needs to be scheduled for answering discussion questions when deadlines for homework, quizzes, and other milestones approach.

* Discourage redundancy: before responding to a post search for similar posts. Make your response in the most pertinent or active thread, then use links to direct other posts to that thread.  

* Publicize issues raised in the discussions: add questions and their answers to an FAQ discussion category, or announce them on the Course Info page. 

For a template that you can use to develop guidelines for your course moderators, see :ref:`Guidance for Discussion Moderators`.

==================
Edit Posts 
==================

Posts and responses can be edited by discussion moderators, community TAs, and admins. Posts that include spoilers or solutions, or that contain inappropriate or off-topic material, should be edited quickly to remove text, images, or links. 

#. Log in to the course with your discussion administrator username.

#. Click the **Edit** button below the post or response.

#. Remove the problematic portion of the post, or replace it with standard text such as "[REMOVED BY MODERATOR]".

#. Communicate the reason for your change. For example, "Posting a solution violates the honor code."

==================
Delete Posts 
==================

Posts and responses can be deleted by discussion moderators, community TAs, and admins. Posts that include spam or abusive language may need to be deleted, rather than edited. 

#. Log in to the course with your discussion administrator username.

#. Click the **Delete** button below the post or response.

#. Click **OK** to confirm the deletion.

.. how to communicate with the poster?

**Important**: If a post is threatening or indicates serious harmful intent, contact campus security at your institution. Report the incident before taking any other action. 

==================================
Respond to Reports of Misuse
==================================

Students can use the **Report Misuse** flag to indicate posts that they find inappropriate. Moderators, community TAs, and admins can check for posts that have been flagged in this way and edit or delete them as needed.

#. View the live version of your course and click **Discussion** at the top of the page.

#. On the drop-down list of discussion topics click **Show Flagged Discussions**.

#. Review each post listed as a flagged discussion. Posts and responses show a flag and **Misuse Reported** in red font; comments show only a red flag.

#. Edit or delete the post. Alternatively, leave the post unchanged and click **Misuse Reported** or the flag to remove  the notification.

===============
Block Users
===============

For a student who continues to misuse the course discussions, you can unenroll the student from the course. See :ref:`unenroll_student`. If the enrollment period for the course is over, the student cannot re-enroll.

.. _Close_discussions:

******************************
Close Discussions to New Posts
******************************

You can close the discussions for your course so that students cannot add posts.
Course discussions can be closed temporarily, such as during an exam period, or
permanently, such as when a course ends.

When you close the discussions for a course, all of the discussion components in
course units, and all of the discussion categories on the **Discussion** page,
are affected.

* Existing discussion contributions remain available for review.
  
* Students cannot add posts, respond to posts, or comment on responses. However,
  students can continue to vote on existing posts, report posts for misuse, and
  follow posts.

* Course Staff, Instructors, Discussion Admins, Discussion Moderators,
  and Discussion Community TAs are not affected when you close the discussions
  for a course. Users with these roles can continue to add to discussions. 

.. note:: To assure that your students understand why they cannot add to  discussions, you can add the dates that discussions are closed to the **Course Info** page and post them to a General discussion.

=====================================
Start-End Date Format Specification
=====================================

To close course discussions, you supply a start date and time and an end date
and time in Studio. You enter the values in this format:

``["YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM", "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM"]``

where:

* The dates and times that you enter are in the Universal Coordinated (UTC) time
  zone, not in your local time zone.
* You enter an actual letter **T** between the numeric date and time values. 
* The first date and time indicate when you want course discussions to close.
* The second date and time indicate when you want course discussions to reopen.
  If you do not want the discussions to reopen, enter a date that is far in the
  future.
* Quotation marks enclose each date-time value.
* A comma and a space separate the start date-time from the end date-time.
* Square brackets enclose the start-end value pair.
* You can supply more than one complete start and end value pair. A comma and a
  space separate each pair.

For example, to close course discussions temporarily for a final exam period in
July, and then permanently on 9 August 2014, you enter:

``["2014-07-22T08:00", "2014-07-25T18:00"], ["2014-08-09T00:00", "2099-08-09T00:00"]``

You enter these values between an additional pair of square brackets which are
supplied for you in Studio.

============================================
Define When Discussions Are Closed to Posts
============================================

To define when discussions are closed to new posts, and when they reopen:

#. Open your course in Studio. 

#. Select **Settings** > **Advanced Settings**.

#. Scroll down to the **Policy Key** for **discussion_blackouts**. 

#. In the **Policy Value** field, place your cursor between the supplied square
   brackets. Use the required date format specification to enter the start and
   end dates for each time period during which you want discussions to be
   closed to new posts.

   When you enter the dates and times from the example above, the **Policy
   Value** field looks like this:

   .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_blackout_unformatted.png
     :alt: Policy value of [["2014-07-22T08:00", "2014-07-25T18:00"],
         ["2014-08-09T00:00", "2099-08-09T00:00"]]

5. Click **Save Changes**.

   Studio reformats your entry to add line feeds and indentation, like this:

   .. image:: ../Images/Discussion_blackout_formatted.png
     :alt: Same policy value but with a line feed after each bracket and comma,
         and an indent before each date
